<Author>Bergo4ever
<Content>No Substance at all... I was there for New Year's party. I called  made a reservation. I was told that the tickets will be in the reception. I went there to find nothing...The party started with bad techno music with no latin flavor at all. There was no dance floor, they closed the pool area most of the party for an unknown reason  they let a few people there...My admission included a free champaign glass  when I went to claim it, the bar tender told me they were out of champaign...It was ridiculous...The hotel's ambiance is trendy but nothing with the flavor of San Juan.The employees tried to be courteous with no real good service provided there.I decided to leave around 1am  not wait for the Brazilian singer they feature. The space was inadequate  the party lacked excitement  entertainment. At midnight they let us up on the top level to watch the fireworks by the ESJ (el san juan hotel.....  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveljack2000
<Content>No Substance to the Name "Boutique Hotel" This is not really a boutique hotel- I can see how it was trendy when it opened, years ago, but no upkeep has been done since. Not worth the money, unless you get your room for half the price of the InterContinental or El San Juan. The staff is friendly, but incompetent: We tried to get a drink at the roof top bar, Wet, but could not get served, despite the place being empty with less than 10 customers. We then could not get served at the lobby level restaurant, which again was nearly empty. We had nice days at the beach, but when there was a brief rain we came in to get a drink- only to be told the empty lobby level bar/restaurant was closed, and of course the rooftop bar was closed due to the rain, which brings us to the room: it is SMALL- no closet, even, just a half size piece of furniture/wardrobe. The bathroom was small, but the real problem was design- the shower had no curtain, just half its length in glass, which could have worked, except it didn't. The shower head was not adjustable, and sprayed water out of the shower, onto the bathroom floor, which had no drain. The bathroom floor was flooded our entire stay- gross. Also, the bed mattress was saggy, with a deep V in the middle.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	5	1	-1	

<Author>1erCru
<Content>The Staff are Exceptional I have stayed at the San Juan Water  Beach Club Hotel on 2 different trips 1 year apart and the exceptional level of friendly, professional service was identical on both visits. I travel a great deal with my job (30-40% of the time) and this is by far the best team of staff I have experienced anywhere. I was recommended this hotel by a local business colleague for my first visit to Puerto Rico. The staff make you feel as though you are the only guest staying at the hotel from the moment you arrive until you are on your way to the airport. The hotel itself is very chic and at night has a blue glow from all of the black lights used in the hallways and guestrooms (that can be turned off if desired). The rooms are not huge but are plenty roomy with an extremely comfortable bed, small desk and internet connection, flat screen TV and the best stocked (and affordable) mini bar ever! I never eat anything from the mini bar because the prices are usually ridiculous but not here - they are slightly more than you would expect to pay at a convenience store and the offerings are much better (I indulged a few times). The airconditioning is so efficient I had to turn it down when going to bed at night.The Water  Beach Club has a gourmet restaurant on the main floor and a rooftop bar. I never made it to the bar (and I never heard any noise from there either) but the food in the restaurant features exceptional fusion cuisine and is available via room service too.The hotel is located at the end of a dead-end court and looks over a white sand beach. It is barely 10 minutes from the airport and has many resturants within walking distance.Both of my stays were for business but I would certainly return for a romantic vacation with my wife since I found this hotel to be a relaxing destination at night after putting in long hours at work.All of this contributes to a great stay but it is the staff that make your stay exceptional and make you want to return. I was always impressed with the staff that addressed me by name as I came and went. The front doorman who negotiated my taxi fare in Spanish with the driver to ensure I was in good hands after leaving the property (without me asking him to do so) and giving me an ice cold bottle of water for my travels. The service is friendly, prompt and professional - what more can you want? It is all of these little things that are not so little that make The San Juan Water  Beach Club my only choice in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DDbonoir
<Content>A fantasy vacation ! My husband and I can not wait to get back to the Water  Beach Club Hotel ! The staff was so warm and welcoming, along with the fact that the food and service was the best!! There wasn't anything that was too much to ask for and it was provided. The manager takes a personal interest in you comforts and desires during your stay. We loved the fact that it was a charming,hip,cozy hotel unlike those giant hotels with hundreds of people crawling all over the lobby. There was a sense of comfortable Carabean elegance from the whitle silk and linen blowing in the warm breezes to the latin sounds as Pina Colatas are being enjoyed on the top floor terrace as we looked at the perfect beach only steps away. Take it from me it is the place to stay!D.Wolfe  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Consultant7
<Content>If you like cold showers this is your hotel! I am sure this hotel was great a few years ago, but they have not maintained it. First when we checked in, they guy at the reception had us booked on the 10th floor, which I specifically had asked not be on as I had read it was loud. He moved us to a room on the 8th floor. We went to the room and opened the door and it was occupied! We went back down and he said he had no record of anyone in that room...strange. Secondly, it wasn't a suite which is what we paid for. I told him we would just take the 10th floor. The room itself wasn't bad in general. Nice view, balcony, etc. However, there was no hot water! I told them at the front desk, and was told alot of people complain about that, you just have to play with it to make it work! I asked if she could send someone to look at it and she said she would. Never heard another word from them...so we took cold showers for 5 days! The noise wasn''t bad as some have complained about on here. My complaint is for $500/night I expect hot water!. When we checked out she never asked how the stay was...I guess they don;t ask because they don;t like the answers they get. Its really a shame, the place has potential.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>davysmom
<Content>Tacky, tacky! My in laws were treating us to a fabulous cruise vacation departing from San Juan. We stayed overnight at this boutique hotel. It was a very lame attempt at being boutique at best. The location on Isla Verde is great, close to airport, and ocean views. The property is very poorly managed. The decor is almost disturbing. The blue lights were nauseating with the pale white walls. The furniture is very impractical and there is zero counter space for anything. The room is tiny so you have to use the floor to store your items. The water falls they have in the elevator and the lobby smell so badly of mold. They should use treated water because it is not very pretty or pleasing to the eye to see moldy water streaking down the walls. Everywhere smelled of mold including the terrace which was the nicest part of the hotel. The cushions all smelled again of that familiar moldy smell that greets you in the lobby. Our rooms were also not ready even though we arrived close to 3pm. At 3:30pm we were ready to check in. I think they need more staffing so that they can turn rooms over a bit faster. I only gave this 2 stars because of the property's location. I was happy to leave just after one night. Stay at El San Juan if you want to be in Isla Verde. The best hotel on the island is the El Conquistador.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>LouieATL
<Content>This Hotel Takes Guest Relations To New Heights~ I just spent 6 wonderful days at this magnificent property. A group of us rented a block of rooms for my 50th birthday and boy did we make the right decision. The location is perfect as it is 2 miles from the San Juan Airport and not far from Old San Juan and many other wonderful attractions.From the door staff to beautiful front desk staff, these employees could not bend over enough to make sure our stay was an exceptional one. David Lopez (general manager) and the entire staff came to the gorgeous beach in front of the hotel to sing happy birthday and bring presents. Their dining recommendations were spot on and the roof top bar is like no other on the Island. If you are thinking about Puerto Rico as a vacation destination you must stay at this 84 room boutique gem!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hirschinatl
<Content>Great Place!!       the hotel  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>yaltachick
<Content>Sweet Puerto Rico Sun at the Water Club Possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. With the beach directly across the way (30 second walk) it makes for fantastic views from your room and easy access for beach bumming.Location is about 5 minutes away from airport. Taxis around town are less than $20.00 and are always available in front of the entrance.Wet (rooftop bar) is worth a visit on any night, but weekends are the best. Crowd is well dressed (and you should be too!). Rooftop pool is a welcome addition. Overall a fantastic value for the dollar - wouldn't hesitate to come back any time.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bob1492
<Content>Checked out early We left after spending one night of a planned three night stay. Our bathroom had a window without a shade or curtain that was in plain view of a large apartment building next door. Our room was tiny and crammed with furniture featuring a bed located in the center of the room. When I asked the front desk for a change of rooms due to the small size and bathroom window I was told that all rooms were the same size and that nothing else was available. I later found out that this was not true. The halls were extremely hot and the decor lacking. I was charged a penalty for leaving early but it was worth it to get out of that place.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>LittleKittenTraveler
<Content>So trendy it made it uncomfortable at times but will stay there again I will have to say the hotel it's self is very nice and I found it extremly clean while I was there. However, it was so trendy that it made it uncomfortable at times. Let's start with the hallways and elevators, there is no AC at all in them. So, when you are coming back from 90 degree heat back to the room you really feel it going up the elevator that seemed to take forever. I think I lost 5 lbs just riding in the elevator and sweating. However, the ambeance of hallways was neat with the waterfalls in the hallway.We had a king size partcial view room. The rooms seemed really clean as well as the bathroom but there was no alarm clock, or clock for that matter at all in our room. The lack of dresser space didn't bother me since I like to keep my thing in my suit case but I could see how it would be bothersome for someone who enjoys unpacking. (We were there for 10 days so most people would unpack that long.) The blue lights in the room are VERY annoying. We kept ours off and used the only floor lamp but the maids would turn them back on. The TV tube was going out so it would go back and forth between color and black and white. The bed was very comfy and there were plenty of pillows, which was nice since it was really the only thing in the room. The walls were thin we could hear everything in the room next door so we know they heard us.I know they cleaned the bath room every day cause they would pack all my stuff back into my travel bag (which I really didn't appreciate, felt like they were going though my stuff). I also would leave my shampoo on the shower floor since there was not enough caddy space to put it and they would move it to clean the floor. The shower is great for two! And yes, if you are in there by yourself no matter what you do you will get water on the floor. The 1/2 glass wall just doesn't come out far enough. So be sure to put a towel down. There is ZERO counter space but I guess that goes for them minimal feel with the rest of the room.The staff is GREAT. They all will bend over backwards to help you and they are sincere about it. We were there during hurricane Omar and they made every accomendation to entertain the guest. They brought out a Wi and provided drinks and cookie, they went the extra mile since everything closed at 10 pm that day to prepare. Kevin and the door guys are the best. They will give you the low down on everything. Where to go, where to eat, what things are open before you spend the day driving there. (i.e, the caves). They make up what the rooms lack considering you really aren't spending that much time in the rooms.The amenities were so so. Wet, the roof top bar and resturant, was closed most of the time we were there but that was due to the hurricane. The pool is really a 5 foot wading pool but the leather lounges are nice. Tangerine was nice as well. We didn't eat there because it was so expensive but we had a drink there. The gym was closed when we where there so I just walked on the beach.I do have to say it is the best location for the beach. Yes, you walk across the street but it's like 10 steps and the other hotels you walk further. It's on a side street so not a lot of people hit that part of the beach. The El San Juan Hotel and Intercontinental are right there for the casinos, shopping, and dining so you can walk there in less than 5 min to enjoy those. Plus, you can really tell the difference between the staff when you visit the others. Water and Beach has MUCH better staff.Overall, I would stay there again and do recommend it but parts of it were too trendy and made it uncomfortable.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Trvlgrl101
<Content>Very swank!!!       another pool shot  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JB1313
<Content>Seduction at the Water and Beach Club Flew in from Boston for a long weekend; easy direct flight. From door of my apartment to cocktails at the pool in 5 hours; suites were ready when we arrived at noon, and drinks were sent up immediately. Walking into the lobby is the start of a special weekend, and by the time you arrive in your suite you are completely seduced. With the pool and bar/club on the roof, my girlfriend and I never left all weekend, except for our afternoon walks down the beach.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hiking_Architect_Sue
<Content>I expected more I went to the hotel in the afternoon because my friend was having a wedding at the water club ( the top of the hotel) . I heard rave reviews of how modern it was and how it was a boutique hotel, but if you call the sound of water and a few blue neon lights in the hall way modern ,then this is practically it. It has a tremendous ocean view, but it's in the isla verde area where the tourist store area is like 4 to 5 miles down (pretty far). The bathrooms in the public area (second floor) were not clean enough, but the hotel staff took care of it quickly. There was a balcony area on that same floor that had tiles with oranges on them. It was a nice area for smokers but as soon as it started raining we were getting wet because the white canopy covering us was tattered and full of holes, which was odd considering how clean and well kept some of the other public areas were.The room was actually a suite on the 10th floor. I was waiting for something more like the rest of the hotel (the whole blue neon lights and waterlike fountains) but it was quite ordinary except for a few glass closets and bathroom areas. The decor was quite off beat which included a telescope (with no working eye piece) a bunch of random literature from the 1960's (themes that had nothing to do with each other) and a small complimentary basket of random stuff with a monkey toy which you had to pay for (mind you this is not a hotel for kids.) . The bedroom had a nice comfy huge bed but with an odd abstract painting of ( I think) a woman above the bed on the cieling that had nothing to do with the water motif. The balcony was also quite small (you could fit 4 people crunched) but had a good view to the beach.All in all it was a good stay, the staff was amazing but the amenities were poor and the rooms and hotel were a lot less glamorous than what was advertised for my money's worth.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	5	2	

<Author>lam012
<Content>Absolutley loved it! I stayed at the San Juan Water  Beach Club from Sept. 3-8 and all i can say that it was a wonderful experience. The hotel is literally 5mins away from the airport. The employees at the hotel were reallyyyy friendly. They would greet you every time you come in, and at times some of the front desk agents will greet you by your first name...excellent customer service skills. The bell boy in the morning and evening were really kind. They know all the places to go and will tell you how to get there. Also, Kevin the beach guy was very cool and down to earth.I asked for a room upgrade with a better view and the accommodated us the very next day with an ocean view room! Our rooms were really nice and clean. The bed was a king size very comfortable. Our mini bar was full and they had a basket full of snacks and some other products that we might need for an extra charge. The cool thing about the room is that they had and Ihome where you can plug in your ipod an listen to your own music. Also the blue lighting was ok...but it makes the hotel unique. Bathroom was small, but clean...no complaints..and cable TV. If I had to suggest something for the hotel i would suggest them to upgrade their TV to a Flat screen...it would make the rooms feel more chic and modern.The beach was literally across the street from the hotel...was absolutely beautiful. The roof top was really nice and chic. The pool was really small...and i didn't spend too much time in the roof unless if it was in the evening. The drinks were really good but a tad expensive. We had some drinks at the Tangerine bar and the bartender (young guy around mid 20's) was sooo friendly and yet he made great strong drinks. If you do want to save money a block away was a Walgreen, you can buy some snacks and beer and not waste money at the hotel...it will cost you!We didn't have dinner at the Tangerine restaurant, we went to Mi Casita which is a 5min walk from the hotel and i highly recommend it for breakfast and Dinner (inexpensive) and sooooo yummy try their Pork Chops and Mofongo...it's soo yummy!Old San Juan is about a 45min bus ride from the hotel. It is totally worth it and beautiful. If you do go their, you must go to La Bombonera in Calle San Francisco...delishes pastries and Cafe con Leche...so delish!Overall, i loved the hotel because of the Chicness, friendly employees, and the convenience of the beach. I recommended for young couples who likes to enjoy the night life at the roof top or just fun vacation goer's if you're looking for just plain boriness...stay at the Holiday Inn!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Disturbia
<Content>A complete disappointment!! This hotel is a complete disappointment! Although it claims to be a boutique hotel on the beach, it lacks any of the amenities a boutique would offer. The rooms are definitely minimal; there鈥檚 a bed placed conveniently in the center of room, blue fluorescent light fixtures (nope, they are not on the building exterior, but in your room to serve as the room鈥檚 only lighting) and sheer curtains to cordon off the bathroom. The obtuse armoire that can barely equip your carryon luggage is mismatched and beat up alongside a mini-bar that is in no better shape. The room d茅cor reminded me of a seedy motel with bare white walls, fluorescent lightning and floating bed perhaps just a mirror on the ceiling is what鈥檚 missing. The food is inedible, despite which part of the hotel you eat from 鈥?the rooftop bar or the restaurant; it all comes from the same kitchen. The hotel staff offers incompetent concierge service, the few times I tried, was advised to visit old San Juan or a shopping mall because El Yunque was too far (you鈥檇 have better chances of getting advice from the valet [William/Kevin] or booking tours/visits yourself). The gym was closed during my visit for renovations so that was one less of the few features available. The pool is so small you may as well call it a wading pond albeit on the roof. The 鈥渃lub鈥?as the hotel is referred to on the island caters more towards a late night party scene than to its own guests. If you鈥檙e looking for a relaxing or rather pleasant holiday, I鈥檇 recommend the Intercontinental, the El San Juan or the Ritz hotels, all of which are nearby. This hotel claims big but offers little鈥?/p>  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>KeithKong
<Content>Top-Notch Service       William, always smiling!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>tavis_jr
<Content>Wished I lived here Definitely will go back to Puerto Rico and stay at the Water and Beach Club. William, Eddie, and Kevin...when these three guys are there they will take care of you. Not a day went by that these guys didn't take care of us with smiles on there face. Aisha, Danilo, and Valerie are the best for serving drinks. Don't just take my word for it, go and see for yourself, I can promise that you won't be dissappointed.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JBFROMBKLYN
<Content>don't judge this book but it's cover. Dont be fooled by the pretty pics. The hotel does seem like it's modern and well mantained from the outside, but once you get inside your room it's all over.The room needed to be much, much more cleaner ( BATHROOM HORIBLE ). I Had an ocean view room that I paid x-tra as an upgrade and the windows were so dirty that I couldn't see any signs of the ocean. I called the front desk and they told me that they contract a window cleaning company and they weren't sheduled to come during my stay at the room. BELIEVE it or not I went to walgreen across the street and bought a bottle of windex and used a coat hanger as an extention and stuck my hand out of the window and cleaned the windows my self. I do alot of traveling and never wrote a review before, but I thought this hotel needed to be known for it wolf in sheep skin. I'm writing this review and being very honest. PLEASE BEWARE.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	3	2	

<Author>DanielitoNewYorkCity
<Content>Loved the Staff I stayed for a week with a friend at the San Juan Water  Beach Club for one week this past summer. We loved the quaint hotel. Since it is a small hotel, the service was very personalized. We found the staff to be most attentive to our needs. They got to know us -- not just our faces but by name. They would make recommendations re: restaurants, day trips, etc . . . . each met our expectations -- and then some.We have a wonderful week -- a wonderful vacation and in no small part to the wonderful staff of the Wather and Beach Club Hotel. We would recommend it highly!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GigiMexico
<Content>Loved it! We have just returned from Puerto Rico and we had a great time! We stayed at Isla Verde, Carolina. Isla Verde's beach is the most calm and clean from Puerto Rico. There are only 3 hotels on the beach and the Water Club is one of them, the rest are Condos. The hotel is super clean, it has excellent service, the Tangerine Restaurant is delicious and the Club at the very top it's very fun. I definitely would stay there if we go to Puerto Rico again. If you like the theme lounge then you definitely will like this hotel. The hotel is just 10 minutes away from the airport and 10 min from San Juan if you drive your car but if you take the wuawua (the bus) it's like 17 min to San Juan. There are two very small restaurant-bars next to the hotel on the beach that are very good. We found that the rooms with partial view to the beach are much cheaper and you can see the beach perfectly. Try and visit the Marbella Supermarket it's next to the hotel. The people at this super market are very friendly and helped us a lot with all off the tour questions that we had. The only thing we didn't use was the pool since it's to small, it's full of people, and not very clean, but we didn't care since we had a wonderful beach.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eshelman
<Content>Loved it I loved it! As usual, your reaction will depend on what you expect. The staff was hands-down fantastic in every regard. The rooms were small (and yeah, a little old - they've covered it reasonably well, and the room was exceedingly comfortable). The air conditioner was NOT noisy, but I also rarely ran it while there - I slept with the windows open and awoke on my mid-westside room gazing out at the ocean and palm trees. The in-house restaurant is expensive - I only ate there once, and the food and service were worth the price, but I just wouldn't choose to spend that much every meal. The area is surrounded by many interesting restaurants. You have easy access from Isla Verde to anything else you want to do on, say, the north half of the island, and the hotel will book tours, give local bus information, etc. You're across the sidewalk from a very good (not excellent IMO) beach, and I especially enjoyed solitary dawn swims. I was comfortable enough when in my room, and had everything I really needed - but I also didn't go to PR to spend the week in my room. Highly recommended, and I'll be going back. Drink the local beer (Medalla) and Barrilito rum, see how many mofongo variations you can find, and don't miss the rain forests.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>daveggg
<Content>Pure Class - a DO NOT MISS in Puerto Rico       View from our room!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mac761
<Content>Great First Appearances, Just Don't Take a Closer Look If you鈥檙e 22, in town for a weekend and consider your room merely a stopping place between the beach and the 12th floor nightclub, then the San Juan Water and Beach Club is for you. Otherwise, this is an increasingly worn down hotel that gives great appearances. We got an ocean view room. The front desk staff is nice and the location is pretty awesome 鈥?right across the street from the beach. The hotel is filled with black lights 鈥?in the lobby, elevator, elevator shaft, halls and even in your room. You realize during the day that the black lights actually serve a greater purpose than hipness 鈥?they make it hard to worn down furniture complete with scratches, holes in the hallway walls and other results of poor maintenance and investment. The beds are super soft, but after a night, your back is sore because they sag in the middle. In the evenings, the top floor turns into a nightclub that serves sushi. It is a great view and the workers were very nice. However, the sushi was terrible and being 32, this was a way 鈥渢oo cool for school鈥?crowd for me. I could either be the dirty old dude in a sea of 22-year-olds or simply move on, which I did. To their credit, although the nightclub went until 2am and could be heard three blocks away, our room never heard any sound 鈥?except every footstep and conversation happening in the hall (their doors I believe we鈥檙e made of cardboard).  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monac2006
<Content>romantic beachfront getaway best white sandy beachwater,light blue and like bath-wateroceanfront room,with tiny balcony...aaahhhhh...trendy restaurants on 1st floor and roof...wow!rooftop bar and pool...yippee!wonderful and helpful staffwould i return? what do you think?  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lissa6626
<Content>OMG~its fantastic!!!!!! Just returned from a girls weekend at the San Juan Water and Beach Club 8/8/08-8/12/08. We had the best experience ever!!! The hotel itself is very chic and modern. Think Miami SoBe art deco. The size makes it more intimate since it is not a big chain hotel. Everyone there knew you by name and used it regularly along with English. The service exceeded that of many 5 star hotels I have stayed in. Any questions I had they had an answer for. I had read a lot of reviews about how the nightlife there affected the rest of the hotel. I did not have this experience to the contrary. We did choose this hotel based on the fact that we would not have to leave to go party being it was a girls weekend, but things worked out otherwise. Unfortunately, the nightlife never seemed to be at the level we anticipated so we would venture a short walk down to El San Juan's Brava. This worked out well and really did not cause any inconvenience. So the notion that this hotel is not suitable for relaxation seekers or families is rubbish. We did notice that there were mostly couples there and from the people we talked to they also enjoyed their experience as well. Rooms- decent size, rm 401 with king size bed. Kind of awkward for us girls to share, but what do you expect when you book through Priceline? Check-in was simple, but there was no availability to check in early since hotel was booked. This kinda stinks when you get there at 11am and have to wait until 4pm to get unsettled. But it goes with the territory. Nice blue lighting in the room makes for some amazing pictures. Looks like the room is a giant tanning bed! Not good for makeup application, though! No dresser, just used the entire wall bench under the window. Bathroom and cleanliness adequate with nice toiletries.Pool- rooftop and very tiny! But being from FL where everyone has a pool, we were there for the beach! Which, by the way, is in no comparison to FL beaches!Food- let's face it, we weren't there to eat! We ate at the hotel very little, but was told the sushi bar was great several times. We did have breakfast at Tangerine which was quite good and reasonable. Was told dinner there was excellent but never got around to it. Service and coffee was great!!!Beach- just a few steps away and sooo gorgeous. Courteous staff even setup your umbrellas and chairs with pads for you!!! How fabulous is that? Great scenery, and I'm not talking about the beach!!!! Watch out for that sun, too!!!Location-perfect! Liked being at the end of the street which created less traffic. Short walk along beach will get you anywhere you want to go. Easy drive to El Yunque or Old San Juan.Staff- This is why I want to come back every year! They made our vacay!!! The personalized information and the attentiveness made our trip so memorable. A special thanks to William, Eddie, Verna, Pablo and Nataniel. They were outstanding! They don't come any nicer!!!! I can't wait to go back! Because of the Water Club, we are seriously considering a semi-annual trip back to PR just to have this kind of fun again!!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Memre
<Content>Very nice hotel       Roof Top  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>mrsalleyne
<Content>Hip        view from the bar  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>christiec85
<Content>Fun and Cool place to stay on a budget       view from the roof  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dorasclone
<Content>Dont listen to the bad reviews!! Excellent stay at Water Club       view of beach again  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hospitality101
<Content>Great hotel and service, super attentive staff The kind of boutique hotel where the general manager, Bob, knows all of his guests and makes sure your stay is 5 star.The staff goes to great lengths to make you feel at home and part of the family (Jada, William, Verna, Jerry).The rooftop lounge is super comfy and drinks are done right (try to mojito) and I strongly recommend the sushi bar for some great rolls and sashimi.The room had a great view, very comfy bed and the black lights add to the mood.Had a great stay and can't wait to return! Thank you all.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KittyNoKrap
<Content>Had A Great Time! My boyfriend and I just got back from P.R. and loved the Water Club. From the moment we got out of the cab to the final hours spent at the hotel before heading back to New York, everyone was friendly, courteous, helpful, cleaning and always smiling. The first room assigned to us (406) was fine except for the barking dog every morning beginning at 5:45 am. There are 3 private homes to the left of the hotel and the one closest to the hotel has a dog that is put outside every morning and barks for approximately 2 hours. So if you are a light sleeper as I am, request a room on the right side of the hotel. After the third morning I requested a room on the other side of the hotel. They told us they could accommodate our request and that it would be ready at the end of the day. When we came back from our activities later in the afternoon and went to the new room, we found ourselves in an ocean front room on a higher floor (703). Now I don't know if it's because we belong to RCI or that they just had the room available and wanted to please us. Nevertheless, it had a flat screen TV with better reception, an armoire with draw space and a small balcony. The bathrooms are decent with the only real problem being the shower. Water does get on the floor and into the room if you are not careful when washing. And make sure to put down 2 or 3 towels. The water pressure is not great (especially for those of us who have long hair and need that extra force to get the shampoo out). The blue lights are fine but they should put more real lights in the room (in case you need to look for something).The hotel is pretty much centrally located on the strip. There is a small alley-way between the hotel and the private home that takes you from the front of the hotel to the main avenue. If you go to the right there is a 24 hour Walgreens. If you go to the left, there are many fast food places (KFC, Long John Silvers, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut, Ponderosa). There is also a Burger King which is in a strip mall that also contains a supermarket, Subway, Chinese, Mexican, surf shop, etc. In the same strip mall is a restaurant called Mi Casita. This place is cheap and has great food. On almost any given night there was a line out the door for this place. They serve authentic P.R. food as well as Italian. There is also a bakery further down the strip mall called Gelo's. They have good breakfast foods and are also cheap.The rooftop pool was great. There was never anyone up there so we pretty much had it to ourselves. The white cushions were clean for sunbathing and they provide towels for your use. The view is great, there is a bar menu and you can have both the food and/or drinks brought to you while taking the sun.The music on the roof is loud on Friday and Saturday nights. You can hear the base even if you are on a lower floor and it usually goes until 2:00 - 3:00 am. And you can definitely hear your neighbors in the next room (if you know what I mean).Make sure to check your mini bar as soon as you get into your room. When we switched from one room to the other, the mini bar was not stocked like the first room. We told the front desk and they had someone come to check and restock. But when we checked out they tried to get us to pay the bill ($25.00). We told the girl that we had spoken to someone the day we changed rooms about the mini bar. The charges were taken off ASAP.We had a great time and would stay here again. The blue lights are romantic, the staff is great and the location is great. The hotel is a bit older and could use some updating (they were painting outside by the pool and inside over the front desk as we were leaving) but if you can look past that you will have a good time. They also hold your bags if you arrive early or have a late flight the day you leave and allow you to use the facilities.A big shout out to William and Eddie (front door), Cynthia (front desk) and Kevin (beach chairs).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>very_fast_eddie
<Content>Loved the Water Club Stayed 7/17-20 2008. Booked 2 rooms through Priceline and was upgraded to an oceanfront w/ balcony and oceanfront no balcony. Traveling with my wife and I were our 16 and 20 year old daughters. We all loved it and hated to check out. Spent next 4 nites at Rio Mar and wish we could have reversed. Good things:1. Friendliest staff I've ever experienced. Incredibly helpful to any request.2. Kevin, the beach manager, was a true jewel.3. Dinner at Tangerine was very good.4. No problems with party noise; which i was dreading from prior comments. 5. My daughters loved the place.Overall, I think the place just isn't as trendy and hip as it was when it was The Water Club. And i think that's a good thing for groups like ours. I guess reviews on this website had my expectations set so low, I was blown away. I would never hesitate to stay there again, and probably will. [unless rumors we heard about taking it condo are true] Bad things:-None  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rickpr
<Content>Beautiful place but service not good. I ordered a gin martini with olivesand was served gin on the rocks on a plastic cups no olives. That's all I have to say.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeilaAntonia
<Content>loved it! I had an amazing time. It seems like the negative reviews come from trivial things like the blue light. Well the blue light is super hip and the rooms DO have regular lighting. About the loud noise... the hotel hosts events, not on an everyday basis. That was one of the reasons why we liked it so much. The hotel was hosting a party that night. Being guests at the hotel we were able to attend without paying a cover to get into both bars. This hotel is the hippest place to stay in Carolina. This is a boutique hotel in a fun, hip, city. It is a hotel for adults. It is not for 140 years old, bitter people. Everyone is happy and having a good time. The best thing about the hotel was the AMAZING service, and the convinience. Beach across the street, valet parking, tons of activities nearby,pool on rooftop, Resteraunt downstairs and a lounge on roof.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chitown_Fafi
<Content>Water Club... ok Stood at the Water Club with a group of friends. Its not at all a bad place. It's very shiek, very modern, contemporary and very trendy. However, it is not practical. The blue lighting in the rooms are cool to look at, but is again not practical. You can't use blue light when trying to look for something in your room during the night time. Of course there is the bathroom light, but when sharing the room with two other people, that's not always accessible. The showers are annoying, for whatever reason they only have 1/2 a door so all the water splashes out and drenches the throw towel that is used for the floor. The AC also did not work very well and in PR's July humidity, AC is a must. The staff is fairly pleasan, the valet men and the door men who hang about outside are absolutely terrrific! The most coolest and down the earth people I've ever met. The rooftop bar was pretty cool but they did charge $2 for a cup of ice... just ice! I am very particular about beds and my bed was very comfy. I stayed on the top floor and I didn't have any complaints about the noise coming fromt he rooftop... not sure what those other folks are talking about.Would I stay here again... not unless they fix the blue lighting. Relying on that blue light to look for something after the sun goes down gets annoying fast.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	5	3	

<Author>jjbrittraveller
<Content>Completely horrible We stayed here last minute as everything else was booked - and i wish we'd slept on the beach instead. It was the WORST hotel experience I have ever had. I have travelled a lot around the world and i accept variations in standards, but honestly this was like a youth hostel masquerading as a cool W style hotel. It was far from a W. Good location but the rooms are cheap and tacky, covered up by funky blue lighting. The shower was cold, the light in the bathroom kept going out and the beds were made of cheap foam mattresses. The room service delivered a pizza to us that wasn't even baked, probably defrosted a packaged one 10 minutes earlier. We were told it had 2 queen sized beds to find that queen aparently means a full sized bed. The receptionists response was that's what we call a queen. We are in our early 30's and like to party too, but even on a higher floor we found it hard to deal with the club music and yelling outside. Dont expect a smoke free room either.The whole event was horrendous - all for $289/night. Do NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malted22
<Content>ARGH!!!!! I just came back from this hotel and am furious that I paid anything to stay here. First of all, they try and create a romantic atmosphere in the hotel with dim blue lighting, but it only makes the place look scarier and feel like a hospital with all the white curtains and bedsheets in the hotel room. The lobby is quite small, as well as my room. But that's not the worst. On our 2nd day there, we got back to the room around 1 and nothing had been done to the room, no fresh towels, bed unmade, nothing new and we needed to take showers. I went downstairs to complain and the girl at the desk jotted down my room # and told me someone will go up soon. My friend and I left and came back around 3:30 and still nothing had been done. I went down a 2nd time and spoke with the manager. She got someone right away to go up, but my room should have been cleaned that MORNING! When my friend and I got back around 5, they were STILL in there, finishing up, so we had to wait in the scary blue hallway until they were done and even then, the maid came back because she had forgotten the toilet paper and soaps. As if that wasn't enough, that night when I went to go to bed, I noticed one of the pillowcases had several marks on it, which I don't even want to think about where they might have come from! The bus that takes you to Old San Juan is up the block, around the corner and down another block and after walking through the humid heat to even get to the bus, it takes close to an hour for it to come, hindering on your day greatly. We ended up taking a cab which cost us $15 after I talked him down. The only good thing I can say is it's very close to a supermarket, Subway, gift shop, Walgreen's, etc. And yeah yeah yeah, the staff was all smiles and friendly, but that means nothing to me if I don't get service I'm paying or. And that rooftop bar and lounge is a joke! NO ONE was up there all the times we went (Friday included), they played techno instead of latin music and the beds are covered in sand and water. I will never stay here again and am so sorry I did in the first place. If they were smart business people, they would have offered me a new room, but now all they get is non-referrals and bad mouthing from my friend and I.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>yasseravila09
<Content>The best hotel to stay at... We arrived thursday morning and the first thing we got at the hotel was a very nice greet from the valet peeps.The staff inside the hotel The best from the beggining to end. And the roof top thats the place to be on friday nites and saturday.I really love the blue walls at nite, the hotel totally transform at nite...I just love it and will soon come back...  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awitt
<Content>Loved the Water Club!       Old San Juan  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbo89rho
<Content>Great Beachfront Hotel in Isla Verde I stayed at the Water Club from Monday, July 7th through Friday, July 10th. The hotel was fantastic and lived up to its billing as a smaller, unique alternative to the large resort hotels in Isla Verde. The view from the rooftop pool and bar was beautiful. The staff were very friendly. Great beach and overall location for any trips in Puerto Rico. Drugstores and grocery stores nearby for supplies as well as the high end resorts with casinos for nightlife and gaming.I would definitely go back to this hotel. The hotel, decor and vibe are suited for younger travellers. Great vacation.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>soji5
<Content>Keep Searching, Don't fall for the well kept website! We decided to stay at this hotel because of the cool website and amazing pictures. This was a huge mistake! We drove up to the hotel and first noticed that it was located on a very dirty part of the beach. The valet doormen were very nice but that was about all the professionalism you will get out of this hotel. I am trying not to be so one sided because this was my personal experience but this place did not live up to half of what it displays on the website and that was dissapointing. Alot of people rely on the information that they find on the web. The staff was not friendly at all, I dont need all smiles and handshakes but smart remarks at concerns that I had are not acceptable. My room had not been properly cleaned prior to my arrival, gross sexual content was found under my bed. I tried informing the staff and recieved a smart remark as if it was my own trash. Management then offered to have someone clean up the mess but not change rooms. :( I was completely at a loss for words and felt disgusted to even try and stay the night. I checked out at my own loss. This place needs new management! We later found many other hotels in San Juan that were extremely polite and unique such as El Convento. Keep searching, their are many others to choose from. Dont make the same mistake.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>HollyWItt
<Content>Great Small hotel I stayed at the recommendation of my sister who came last year. This is a lovely small hotel. The staff is delightful - especially William at the front door!For someone who travels for work, I prefer to stay at a more intimate hotel than a big chain hotel.Food at the restaurant is very good. The pool on the roof is really just a pool in name, but refreshing for a quick cool off.Would definitely recommend this hotel to others if they are looking for personalized attention over lots of amenities like a casino etc.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessng83
<Content>Do NOT Have Your Wedding Here!! Well we found this hotel through long internet searching. We planned for a small beachside destination wedding in Puerto Rico. We both have never been to the island and not sure what to expect. We then found and spoke to the wedding and catering sales manager, Marilyn at the Water and Beach Club. There she said not to worry about a permit for they have there own platform and quoted us a price. We were happy to have found a place that seemed to good to be true, that's because it was! After receiving her rate we sent our contract back to the hotel through air mail. She said that the canopy priced increased and because she had not received anything, this was the price to set. Ok, not happy about that but will get over it. Then THREE weeks before the wedding they tell me they can not do the beach side wedding without a permit. This permit was a non refundable extra $500.00. And still this permit may not have enough time to review and if it was denied we would still lose the $500.00. THIS IS AFTER THE CONTRACT HAD BEEN SIGNED AND ACCEPTED! This is very upsetting so close to the date and the worst part was they did not seem sympathetic at all or offer any compensation. After settling for the site on their terrace I ask for some compensation. After a week of not hearing anything from them, even after multiple emails and messages. I call the GM and he does not offer anything, we had to demand a free stay at there hotel for failing to live up to their contract. This was a small feat at which should have been easy for them to arrange and still that was a struggle. The worst is yet to come. When we arrive THE DAY OF Marilyn says the seating arrangement we had would not be able to comfortable seat the people we had in its original spot. So she offers 3 other sites within the hotel. After we choose another alternative, she then says we can not have the space due to THE POSSIBILITY THAT THEY HAVE PAYING PATRONS USE THE SITE FOR MASSAGES!!! Then after expressing my distaste in this hotel she says that I may use that site for an additional 250 charge. This hotel does not care at all about the thoughts and feelings of there guests!! A wedding is a special event and should be treated as so. Yet massages for other guest were more important then my dinner reception. These people falied to first know the limitations of their beach permits then treat me like it didn't matter to them how we felt about the situation. Not even to offer something to ease the situation. Even the GM did not give any consolation. I felt as if they cared only for the money they previously received and since they knew we couldn't leave after such short notice and took full advantage of that. DO NOT use this hotel!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>acowgirlscorral
<Content>Much nicer than what we read from others! My husband and I stayed at the water and beach hotel from Sunday June 15 until Thursday June 19th for our 6th wedding anniversary. SUNDAY Thru THURSDAY... That is key!! Stay during the week, NO weekends if you want to experience a nice hotel without the noise of the rooftop bar, that some of the other guest had complained of. We really enjoyed it there, the rooms are a little cramped, but everything was nice and clean. The staff was very nice and pleasant. The door man and the beach valet were both very nice men and extremely helpful.The nicest experience of the hotel for us was the rooftop pool and lounge area. PERFECT and very romantic !! What a way to relax and be able to enjoy each other! The drinks and food at the hotel were pretty costly though. That is about the only thing that we were somewhat unpleased with.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>PonceUnclejack
<Content>Great Place, Something different -Stayed on june 2008 for wedding anniversary-water themed hotel, water running everywhere-10 steps from the beach- breathtaking pool and lounge area on top floor- contemporary decor- friendly staff- valet parking....everything is easier- Tangerine restaurant on lobby.....must eat there!!!!!!!!!!!- Choose room far from elevator.....middle of building...to avoid elevator noise and loud music on top floor during weekends...but don't get me wrong the parties at the Wet Bar are great!!!-NO complimentary breakfast- I paid about $220 per night incluiding taxes and fees for ocean view room, king size bed, cableTv, safe, mini bar, radio ipod ready, great room decor and lighting.will I return?.... definitely YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JuneSNewYork_NY
<Content>Pleasantly surprised My boyfriend and I spent 5 days at San Juan Water  Beach Club Hotel back in March. Previously, we stayed at Ritz Carlton when we visited San Juan. But, since Ritz Carlton changed the pet policy (we like to travel with our pet Chihuahua, Bruiser), we decided to give Water and Beach Club a try. Normandie Hotel, another dog friendly hotel in San Juan, was a disaster.Since we read a lot of negative reviews about the hotel, we came prepared, mentally as well. One thing that we worried the most was the noise level due to loud music from the roof top, as this loudness seemed to be the common complaints based on other people's reviews. So, we brought ear plugs, so that we could sleep at night. Surprisingly, it was not anywhere near as bad as we expected. What bothered us more was that walls were so thin that you could hear everything from the room next to you.Other than that, we were suprised to find that we had a very pleasant experience at the hotel. All staff were extremely warm, friendly, and helpful. In fact, I just received an email from Virna, Manager of Desires (membership that you can enroll when you visit the hotel site), wishing me Happy Birthday. Our ocean front room was very nice, good size for San Juan hotel, and had a great view of the beautiful beach. The hotel is also conveniently located to go to Old San Juan and visit other beaches etc.We did not eat at the hotel, as we have been to San Juan so many times, and we have our favorite restaurants. Here are a few restaurants that we recommend :1) Marmalada located in Old San Juan - amazing food. This is our favorite.2) Pikayo located at Museum of Art of Puerto Rico - great food and amazing service. We could not believe that the restaurant staff remembered where we sat and what food we ordered 6 months ago.3) Aguaviva located in old San Juan - great seafood.For breakfast, we were initially going to Inter-Continental, as this hotel is a short walk from San Juan Water and Beach Club Hotel. But after 2 days, we found a local diner nearby and had breakfast there each morning instead of spending $60 for two at Inter-Continental.Getting back to the resort, one thing that we loved was that the hotel is extremely dog friendly. Every one loved our Chihuahua, Bruiser. It was so cool that we could bring him with us to the roof top where the swimming pool was and hang out there all day. So, for pet lovers, we highly recommend this hotel.The beach across from the hotel is not like the US Virgin Island or British Virgin Island beach with powderly white sand and turquoise blue water. But, it is very pretty and it goes on for miles. The hotel will provide you with beach chairs and towels.All in all, we were happy with the hotel. This hotel is great for a quick getaway, not for long vacation. Staff are pleasant, nice size room with great view and the location is pretty good if you have a car.Most likely, we will return for another quick getaway.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnonXer
<Content>Trying to Be Chic        Decent View--No Parking on Streets  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>DaveConnecticut
<Content>Awesome Service Needs Renovation I just returned last night from 8 days in San Juan; we spent the last three nights at the Water Club. I had high expectations for an awesome experience and chose the Water Club sight unseen. I heard and read a lot about it and felt that it was a match for the experience I wanted; luxurious, great service, cool aesthetic. I must say the service was GREAT. They really do a great job. Eveyone smiled, they refered to me by my name, the doormen introduced themselves, shook out hands, very very positive and happy -- all the time. Eveyone gave off the impression of kindness and concern. They all have great personalities. That's the positive. The negative - the aesthetic needs a total overhall. The concept is cool and in its day Im sure it was. Magazine clippings framed on the lobby walls indicte that it was selected as one of the top hotels in the world. When you look at the date of the article, you find its 2003. There is no way its one of the best hotels in the world. Walking up the front steps to the entrance you see chucks of the concrete stairs missing, concrete railing pillars crumbling (not exaggerating). Not a great first impression. The lobby looks cool overall but when your eyes focus on the details you notice that its all tired -- all the walls are covered in out of date white polyester shears, floor to ceiling, The blue light that illuniates all the common areas including the lobby hides the dirt well, but if you're a clean freak like me, its dirty. The water fall in the elevator is cool but dated, it needs repair and you can see that the glass is stain, there are blue mozaic tiles missing, etc. You get off the elevaor and step into common halls which are extremely dark, lit only by blue light. All walls are covered by white sheers which are dirty - how could they not be?. The sound of the ocean is piped thru the halls, which is cool. You feel in a way that you're under water, the concept is cool. I walked into the room and the stench of dirty water which had been slopped over the floor by a dirty mop hit me like a ton of bricks, that was aweful. I told the maid that I didnt want the floors mopped at all during my stay. The room however is cool, no complaints, linens were great and very clean, bathroom was updated, but again, those white floor to celiing sheers on the walls and the blue light. Everything is lit by blue light; however the chioce to switch on headboard halogen and an incandescent floor lamp was available. The partial ocean view was just that, partial. You couldnt see the ocean unless you walked up agianst the window and looked to the left; you couldnt see the water from anywhere in the room. The room didnt have adequate storage for clothes, you had to live out of your suitcase, which isnt so bad if thats what you're used to. The location on the ocean is great, although I thought that the beach area in front of the hotel was dirty; its also a local beach and people on the island litter like crazy and no one cleans up, at least not for the three days I was there. The ocean front is great nonetheless. The area outside the hotel is nothing at all, many American fast food places around, the area is not glamorous at all, but it did seem safe, which is important. I prefer the Condado area; its much better in terms of choices of fthings to do, at night especially.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	2	5	5	2	

<Author>robynetsky
<Content>Avoid Avoid Avoid If Looking For Some Relaxation I don't know even know where to begin. We arrived on friday night late at the hotel to hoards of people partying and drinking to loud music in very skimpy outfits. We finally get to the room after an exhausting flight from NYC and encountered a dog barking all night in the room next to us along with drunk people swarming the halls screaming. In the morning, you have the cleaning ladies chatting at the top of their lungs in the halls talking to each other and doors slamming. Now on to the beach area. It isnt private at all. You are on a public beach and the noise level once again was unbearable. Not the trendy boutique hotel I thought it was going to be. On top of everything else the Water Club also needs alot of fixing up (stairs broken, waterfall in the elevator leaking and cracking) and the food is average nothing to write home about. The one good thing about the hotel is the waitstaff they were all very attentive. If you are looking for some relaxation and not into partying all night long and a ton of noise this hotel isnt the place to go. I would recommend the Ritz Carlton. Worth it to spend the extra money.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>TENN_Beach_Bum
<Content>Wonderful stay at Water Club We absolutely loved our stay at the Water Club. I'm not sure what was better: the room, the view, the beach or the service. We had a beach view and it definitely was worth the extra money. Every aspect of our stay was comfortable and relaxing. The water theme is carried out through the property and the rooms. The staff goes out of their way to provide to your every need. I highly recommend this hotel and I hope to stay there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yasijoon
<Content>Sexy Fabulous Hotel       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chocreintx
<Content>This Hotel Really Made My Vacation Great!!!!!!!!!! I recently vacationed in P.R. and stayed at this hotel. My experience was great!!!! The hotel was very hip, chic, and trendy. The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. The room's decor was very modern/art deco and we had a beautiful view of the ocean. At night, with a flick of a switch the room was illuminated with blue lighting (which made for very interesting nights!LOL). The roof top club and bar (WET) was definitely a hot spot to party and hang out, and the restaurant (Tangerine) had great food. If you are old, arrogant, bothered by noise, think your better than others, or have a stick up your ass for any reason,then this is NOT the hotel for you!!!! If you are hip, trendy, have a modern appeal to you, mix and play well with the beautiful people, and like a party atmosphere this IS the place for you!!! Needless to stay, when I return to Puerto Rico (and you know I will) I will definitely stay at this hotel!!!Dr. C. LewisHouston, TX.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nooromid
<Content>Thought it was a Sick Hotel We really enjoyed our stay at this boutique hotel situated right on the beach in Isla Verde. The service was great, the ambiance was excellent, the location was ideal, and the people were interesting. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, particularly younger travelers since there is a bar/lounge on the rooftop where locals and tourists come to party on the weekends.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lmkell
<Content>Loved the Water  Just got back from a super vacation experience at the San Juan Water  Beach Club Hotel. We purchased package deal from PriceLine. Good price, and picked this hotel based on recommendation from Price Line. Glad we did this. Also, we flew on Air Tran. Not bad. Connected in Atlanta. They only gave us 30 mins to connect. Scary, but turns out that Air Tran knows what they are doing. If they give you a short connection time, it's because your next gate is in the same concourse as where you arrive. Whew. I would fly with Air Tran any day.Hotel:This is definitely a hotel for couples and young (20's - 40's) guests in that the ambience leans towards romance. We loved the hotel and would go back for another vacation anytime. Had a blast. The hotel is super trendy and cool. we loved it. the rooms were very nice. the bathrooms were fine. we did have to put down an extra towel on the floor to keep the water from spilling out of the shower, but it was no big deal. soap, shampoo and conditioner were great. I'm tempted to look up the brand and buy some for myself, it was so good.Noise:The Wet Bar is loud on Thursday night through Saturday night. The rest of the week is not noisy. Puerto Ricans love to party and they party till early in the morning on the weekends (thurs - sat). However, just bring ear plugs with you so you can sleep at night.There are 'white noise' sound effects that play in the hallways all night long. sometimes music, sometimes just ocean sounds... hard to explain.. but I could hear it through our walls. I think the reason for this is to drown out romantic noise coming from the guest rooms. my husband said he had no problem falling asleep at night, despite the 'white noise' coming from the hallways. Earplugs helped me sleep. Otherwise, it may bother someone who can only fall asleep with total silence. Don't misunderstand: The hotel is not a noisy, boisterous hotel. It was a very nice hotel, with great staff, and awesome views, and a roof top bar that is awesome and fun. I would recommend this hotel.Beach  ocean:I think the beach is called Carolina beach. The beach is lovely. Ocean has a few small waves, but not bad at all.. non-swimmers would be ok; more like a wave pool and was very fun to swim in and play around. The beach floor is smooth sand that gradually goes deeper. No rocks or mass seaweed or jelly fish or anything.. just nice, lovely ocean to swim in. No peddlers or panhandling, no vendors (except the super friendly ice cream man). The hotel provides beach chairs and towels right on the beach. You can also get towels after hours at the Wet Bar at the top of the hotel. Wet Bar:Awesome views. We spent many a night just hanging out on the beds and catching the view/people watch. It was so much fun. Drinks are kind of expensive. Actually, food and drink in Puerto Rico was kind of expensive, but not unexpected if you think about it (most provisions are shipped in).Food:We didn't eat in the hotel. We walked from the hotel to the local restaurants. Ask the car valet for suggestions. They were super helpful and extremely friendly. There are a TON of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel (plus Walgreens, souvenier shops, etc). We ate SUSHI 4 nights out of 7. Our favorite place, which provided top quality sushi for reasonable prices, was Nagoya Japanese restaurant - 5900 Isla Verde Ave (which is the street in front of the hotel) - 2 min walk from the hotel; go across the street from the hotel (go right towards San Juan) and it's about 2-3 blocks down in the same plaza as the Cyber Cafe and Planet Condom. Awesome sushi. Sit at the bar and get to know the sushi chef. He was super.Note: There is another sushi place right before you get to Nagoya. However, IMO, not as good as Nagoya. We ate at the first place once, and then tried Nagoya, and then went back to Nagoya twice after that. We ate at Mi Casita (2 blocks from the hotel, (go left) across the street, in the same plaza as Ponderossa, I think). Awesome Puerto Rican food. Recommend the Aposado (both chicken and shrimp) and the Mofongo. Man, that was some great, inexpensive food. We ate there 3 times for lunch.We drove down Isla Verde Ave (about 2 miles or so) to Che's Argentinian steak house. That was superb and not terribly expensive. There are way-more expensive steak places in Isla Verde (like Ruth Chris steakhouse and Outback) and Che's easily rivals those places for the quality of their steak. Che's was excellent and casual, BTW.Street food:We ate street food while in Old San Juan (walking around), and once from a beach vendor in Los Pinos. You need to try the street food if you get the chance. we had no problems eating the street food. No stomach problems, no after-effects. The street food is just great. We ate a lot of the fried stuff. Couldn't tell you what it was called, but we just bought what other people were buying, and it was totally worth it. Puerto Ricans know how to cook good, tasty food. Don't be scared to try it. seriously.Driving:We rented a car for the week. We paid for the extra insurance. I highly recommend that you do this. Yes, it's an extra $144 (or something like that), but it was WORTH IT. PR drivers are a little crazy on the road. We actually needed the insurance; got hit (minor and no injuries). All we had to do was drop off the car and then nothing after that; they took care of all of the rest. The price of insurance was totally worth it. And yes, if you are there for a week, rent a car. It is worth it. You just need to pay attention while you drive. Driving around PR was fun. That said, we witnessed an accident right out in front of our hotel. J-walkers got hit by a car. Car was stopped, but then started to go just as 2 young people (20's; looked like they had been drinking) stepped in front of the car; man was hit but got up. his girlfriend went into convulsions while laying on the road, losing blood. Police came quickly, so did ambulance. don't know what happened to the people after that. Terrible to witness. But this happens on Isla Verde Ave. This street has heavy car traffic and heavy pedestrian traffic. If you cross the streets, use the cross walks! They have nice paved stone cross walks that force cars to slow down. Use those cross walks or use the ones with painted white lines. Cross walks are everywhere, so use them. Do not just step out in front of cars, even if you see the locals doing so. I cannot tell you how many close calls we saw after we witnessed the 2 folks being hit. Don't let this scare you away from this hotel. Just use good judgement when crossing the streets.We drove all over the east side of the island.. from Isla Verde, to Los Pinos, to Luquillo, to Fajardo... recommend you take the 187 back and forth to Luquillo and Fajardo. 187 is awesome. not stop and go like the other highways. It was fun driving around despite the crazy drivers. We drove around the barrios near the hugh university. Can't think of the location name, but it was 10-15 mins from our hotel. Near a place called Public Market (labeled as such on the map from our hotel). Anyway, it was nice to drive around and see the tiny but beautiful homes with their bright colors and gardens. These people may be poor, but they have pride in their homes and you can tell. it was really cool. The streets are very tight and narrow, but easy to navigate if you just pay attention and drive slowly. No problem driving around the barrios. Bought some fresh fruit (mangos and pineapple) from trucks parked on the side of the road in the different barrios. Man, the fresh fruit is unbelievably good. Not expensive. The sellers didn't speak English but we managed just fine. Had no problems eating fruit bought from the locals. Beaches:Went to Fajardo (not 7 seas beach but some other one- got lost trying to find 7 seas) and Luquillo. Found Luquillo beaches easily. Loved Luquillo. Clear water. Same smooth sand bottom just like in Isla Verde, except the water was crystal clear. Awesome.We spent a couple of days playing on our own beach in front of the hotel. Isla Verde might not be the clearest water (still blue and beautifu), but it was super nice all the same. We had the best time just jumping up and down in the small waves and swimming around.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KWMartinez
<Content>HEAVEN!       From the rooftop Lounge  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loverofvacay
<Content>LOVE the Water and Beach Club!!! San Juan Water and Beach Club is my new favorite place!!.. I have stayed in some very nice places but this was beyond my expectations.. It is a perfect sized boutique hotel with a very cozy/beachy/classy decor... The staff was over the top!! everyone went above and beyond what could ever be expected and they really had that family feel.. no one was just doing a job they all genuinely care! It made my time wonderful.. on the hottest day the beach attendant brought us icy cold wash clothes to cool off!!! I spent my birthday there and there were balloons and cake brought to my room.. and no hesitation to make dinner reservations for my friends and I .. I will deffinately be back time and time again..  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pit388
<Content>Night Club or Hotel??? My fianc茅e and I, along with her parents, stayed at this hotel April 10-13.The purpose of our trip was to scout venues for our wedding. Despite a pleasant experience with friendly bell and front desk staff, Friday would entail the beginning of some major challenges. Upon returning to the hotel on Friday evening we recognized a multitude of activity both inside and outside of the hotel. It was clear the restaurant and roof top bar were both very popular on the weekend. The problem is the music being played, particularly the sound of the bass, made it impossible for us to sleep. The noise did not subside until 2AM, essentially destroying any potential of a good night鈥檚 sleep.  Much to our chagrin, the unbearable noise levels would continue on Saturday evening and persist until after 3AM! My future mother-in-law called the front desk and complained about the intrusive noise. The front desk agent advised they could accommodate a room change, however this obviously was not a practical solution at that time of the morning.  That afternoon we inquired about utilizing the venue for a Friday evening rehearsal type event. We were advised someone would call us on our cell phone. We did not hear from him and therefore requested he meet with us when we returned to the hotel in the afternoon. He briefly spoke with us and was smug at best. He advised there is a 10K minimum for the roof top space during that time frame. To be honest, we would not spend ten dollars with him based on his poor and unaccommodating attitude. Later in the day we spotted him standing on the beach. We called him over and attempted to again converse about the possibility of having the event there. He appeared annoyed when we asked him to put a proposal together for us prior to our departure the next day (Sunday). We asked him to leave it for us and of course he did not. Based on his insulting attitude we were not surprised.The most frustrating part of the experience was that there was absolutely no communication regarding the potential for noise disruption on either night. I do not have to guess if this was an accident. Every guest of that hotel should be made aware at check-in, or prior to booking, of the noise levels that persist into the wee hours of the morning. The hotel has obviously made a choice to be a night club on the weekends at the price of its unsuspecting hotel guests.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SFischbach
<Content>Great Stay We stayed for 3 nights and had a great time. The staff was exceptional, the room was clean and had a great view of the sea. I was nervous about all of the noise in other reviews, but on our Wed. Thur. and Friday night stay we never heard a thing. This hotel is close to everything and a great starting off point for doing and seeing many of the main things that PR has to offer. The staff could not have been more helpful. The valets, restaurant and front desk were very attentive and the beach guy came with the chairs before we could pick out our spot on the beach. Great location, great room and great staff -- you can't ask for more when travelling.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>studiomax
<Content>the water club is the best!!!!!!! my wife and i just returned from a fantastic 4 day vacation at the water club in san juan puerto rico. our rom was spotless and had a great view of the beach directly across the street. the front desk service was superb and we were able to check in over 2 hours early. virna of your desires once again went out of her way to make our stay special. my wife loved the chocolate covered strawberries awaiting us when we got to our room. bob the general manager has his wonderful staff all very professional, friendly and polite. william greeted us at the door like we were family not tourists. kevin who takes care of your every need on the beach is a very well spoken , intelligent guy who takes his job seriously and also goes out of his way to insure you have a stress free day at their beautiful beach. well as you can tell by my review we will be returning soon to the water club, are favorite hotel in san juan! thanks once again to bob and his staff for a fantastic stay!!!! jim and eddi maxwell  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wlatc
<Content>Terrible Racket! Rule # 1 in the medical profession: Do no harm.Rule # 1 in the hospitality profession: Do not deliberately antagonize guests and potential guests.The San Juan Water and Beach Club, a boutique (read 鈥渟mall鈥? hotel in San Juan, Puerto Rico attacks this rule 鈥淏ig Time鈥?I climbed the crumbling steps up to the small lobby and discovered problem number one: In an effort to be 鈥渉ip鈥? I suppose, the public areas are lit in a strange blue hue. It does look cool, I admit, but you soon realize you can鈥檛 see a thing, especially if you鈥檝e just come out of the bright tropical sunshine.I groped my way to an elevator and stumbled on the miss-aligned entryway. 鈥淢y friend has tripped on that twice,鈥?a fellow passenger told me.To this point, I admit, my complaints are rather trivial. Here is how General Manager Bob Sassani really puts it to his guests: NOISE. I鈥檓 talking chest-thumping, window-rattling, concrete-vibrating noise. As many as four nights a week, DJ 鈥淭all Rick鈥?sets up a frightening battery of tweeters, woofers and sub-woofers and fires off barrage after barrage of ear-splitting racket in the outdoor, rooftop disco.This could be fun if you want to party until well past 2 AM each night; it is sheer Hell if you鈥檇 like to get any sleep!Trust me, if you鈥檙e over thirty, you鈥檙e going to wanna take out DJ Tall Rick, GM Sassani and anyone else associated with this amateurish excuse for a hotel. I tried calling the night manager one morning after 2 AM to run up a white flag of surrender, but no one would speak to me. 鈥淐all back tomorrow,鈥?desk clerk Cynthia instructed. A resort condo a few blocks away is organizing legal action to put a lid on this rude neighbor, a place that is giving Puerto Rico tourism a black eye.Water Club, take the racket inside, tone it down and . . . grow up!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gpw1967
<Content>Don't Do It!!!!! Booked 2 nights at Water Club enroute home from the Carribean. The staff were very friendly and helpful but this was the only positive. From the moment we entered the elevator we knew we had made a mistake. We left the hotel after the first night [they can keep the $$] and found a great BB in Old SJ. Water Club had its day about 10-12 years ago based on the decor and the place is in disrepair. The walls are paper thin, you hear everything and light coming through the door edges. There is absolutley no way this is a 4 star hotel. I would give it a 2. We booked based on the hotel website and the reviews posted, at $300/night figured it should be a fairly good choice.....NOT!! I am surpirsed to read the positive reviews about the hotel decor and the location. Isle Verde is a dump, at least for the well travelled. Try Old SJ.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>NaturalBlaze
<Content>FANTASTIC My boyfriend and I stayed at The San Juan Water and Beach Club Hotel from 03/30 to 04/03/08. Besides a little complaint about the doorless/curtainless shower (which can make the bathroom floor very wet if not careful during a shower), WE LOVED IT!!!! Beautiful beach front, wonderful/helpful staff (offers any help you need, recommends excellent restaurants, and suggests cool trips/tours you can take during your stay), intimate atmosphere, modern design, and convenient location (walking distance to a variety of local  fastfood restaurants, souvenir shops, and even Walgreen)!!! We will definitely go back to this hotel and we strongly recommend it to whomever desires to have a vacation in Puerto Rico!!!! We had a wonderful trip!! This hotel is AWESOME!!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Almost40!
<Content>Had a great time at SJ Beach Club       roof top lounge at SJ Water Club  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>momtwo
<Content>Hated the Water Club While size(small) and location (directly at beach near old San Juan) suited us well, the overall experience was terrible. While many very cool design features were distinctive the negatives far outweighed these, i.e. very small room, very loud street noises and blaring music from rooftop bar until wee hours of a.m., beat up old furniture and inferior sushi and tiny pool and pretentious eating area at pool that requires you buy a bottle of liquor in order to use large sofa like banquette seating.In all fairness, beds did provide lovely ocean view and staff were sincere and very helpful.Not enough reason to ever go back.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AllisonTPhiladelphia
<Content>Okay, but not great... We spent 6 days at the Water Club and had an alright time. The staff is very helpful and the hotel was clean and nice in a very minimalist way that we appreciated. We really liked our room and loved the option of moving up to the roof top pool/lounge area when it got too windy for the beach (which it did...4 out of 6 days).We are a mid 20s couple and we left for vacation expecting to have a great time...We did like the beach, the weather, our room, and the cute coffee shop/bakery down the street. But generally, we were very disspointed by the surrounding area. Yes, you can get a great meal at El San Juan down the street (we went to Coco for Caribbean cuisine) BUT it will cost you. Pretty much every place you will find to eat is in a hotel. You will basically spend your entire vacation in various hotels eating, or on the beach.The area is definitely a bit seedy...we are from Philly and are used to a bit of ghetto flavor, but I have to admit, there were several times that I felt unsafe.If you are looking for a long weekend get away and you WANT to eat and sit on the beach and don't care about doing much else, this place is great. We were there for a bit too long and by the time we were leaving we were more than ready to go home. I would reccomend having this place be your arrival and departure hotel on your way to and from Fajardo and Culebra. Staying at the Water Club for your whole vacation is rather uneventful. If the weather isn't great you really will have nothing to do other than visit the other hotels along the strip or sit at the roof top bar.As a side note, we had a great experience with Little Shogun, the sushi bar at Wet. We ate there twice...it was delicious and very reasonably priced.All in all, the Water Club is nice. I would stay there for a quick get away, but not for a major vacation.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>robiebobie
<Content>Paradise My family and friends have visited the San Juan Water and Beach Club 3 times in the last 13 months. As travelers to some the worlds best hotels and resorts we can undoubtedly say that this hotel is a small gem. The property is beautiful, hip, and well maintained. The staff from top to bottom are the best we have ever experienced. If you want a truly extraordinary vacation experience book the San Juan Water and Beach Hotel- you will not be disappointed!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>micaron
<Content>Don't Believe the Negativity! Let me start by saying that I always value peoples opinions on this site and use it whenever I travel. I have just returned from a trip to the Water Club and am so amazed at the negativity of some people. First the neighborhood being shoddy: This hotel is in Isla Verde and is walking distance to the El San Juan and some really nice restaurants. It is not in a dirty or bad neighborhood. I have visited San Juan many times and can tell you there are some bad areas - this is not one of them.Second this is not a star resort with tons of amenities: If you want that stay at the Ritz down the street. This hotel is chic and while it does tend to try to be a little trendy, the blue lights in the rooms were really calming and relaxing. The furnishings are modern with an Asian twist and spot on for the environment they are trying to create. The music that plays in the lobby is light trance music. And my room was on the highest floor next to the rooftop bar and it was a weekend and I could barely hear anything.Third: Definitely try your best to come up with the extra money to get an ocean front suite. It is really hip and has a totally seperate living room and much more drawer space and clothes hanging area. The beach was right out your front door... might as well be ocean front and was very clean and relaxing and it was easter weekend. In short, this is a great hotel with very good service and friendly people. The only negative - I have travelled the world and eaten sushi in many places and it is not good. I sampled alot and it was not fresh. But everything else is great. Definitely a great place.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beach_Traveller_Duo
<Content>Home away from Home Once again our stay at the Water Club was wonderful and a trip we look forward to all year, and when it was time to leave it was hard to do so. As usual, we stayed for two weeks (not long enough!!) and have been staying at the Water Club for the past ten years. Truly, it is our winter vacation retreat. Bob, Virna, Gerardo, Mateo and all of the staff (our hotel family) are exceptional and all are graciously accommodating 鈥?it鈥檚 like arriving at our second home. The young ladies at the front desk, and they know who they are, were always smiling and happy to see us, and always asked how our day or night was. And, William and staff were always at the door welcoming us back from any activity we were out doing. This is something that they all do, not only to returning guests, but also to new ones 鈥?whether staying for business or pleasure. We cannot say enough about them all. They all make a great first impression - very important when travelling.Our room (as usual) provided fantastic views (from all angles) of the skyline, beach, and the planes taking off and landing. We love staying in Puerto Rico and particularly the Water Club, this spot is one of the best!!! Over the years, those we have recommended to stay here have enjoyed it and return when they can.The beach is one of the loveliest on the island and a main reason we return. Towels, chairs and umbrellas are provided for guests; Kevin had our usual spot set up and ready and waiting for us daily. There was always an opportunity to get food and beverages delivered to our chairs (with a smile) for those of us soaking up the sun and enjoying the surf鈥? Of course, those who prefer the roof top bar (Wet) will not be disappointed in the food, pina coladas, mojitos, etc., and, of course, the view. Our food at Tangerine and Wet was always very good and flavorful - and, the music 鈥?well, let鈥檚 just say there was music Friday and Saturday nights. Great for the younger crowd.While we return year after year and our relationships with everyone has grown over time, we feel we are treated very special and like close family 鈥?but, the staff at the Water Club is genuinely caring and truly enjoy what they do, and when they say 鈥渕y pleasure鈥?they sincerely mean it 鈥?from the GM to our dear friend Wilfredo (the Painter!!); we miss you.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucy_devil_daughter
<Content>Comfortable but shabby; not worth the $$$ After reading the wildly divergent reviews about the Water Club, my husband and I decided to take a chance and stay there anyway.The positives: The room was clean and comfortable, but pretty shabby. The beach was terrific, beautiful weather, clear water, beachside service was nice. The chairs the Water Club provides are free but uncomfortable, so we rented better ones for $4 each day. The rooftop pool/bar had a great view, but like everthing else at this hotel, it was rather run down. I wouldn't sit on the couches without a towel down first. The staff were very nice and helpful.The negatives: I can't emphasize enough that on Friday and Saturday nights, when the hotel has big parties on the roof, you *will not* be able to sleep due to the loud music, and worse, the endless (til 4 am) thumping bass. The in-window air conditioning unit was super loud too, every time it came on, we woke up. We mostly kept it off and the windows open, but on party nights we couldn't. The manager we complained to said that he gets yelled at every single weekend by unhappy guests. The other non-party nights we stayed were quiet and comfortable. The furnishings, elevators, etc. are really run down and shabby. If this place was $150 a night, I wouldn't be complaining. For the $300+ you will pay, stay just down the beach at one of the resorts (InterContinental, El San Juan, Ritz) and have a true luxury experience, then walk down the beach and attend the Water Club parties on the weekend.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrcoolgaytraveler
<Content>Super Charming  The Water Club is a charming boutique style hotel. It offers a fabulous beachfront location, but even more special are the staff, who make guests feel like returning family members. The staff here could give lessons to their colleagues at more exclusive hotels. They ALWAYS offered a smile and greeting. Housekeeping was diligent, and quiet. The Bar staff, friendly and outgoing. The Sushi Chef could be the most highly credentialed in the Caribbean. I've just returned from 5 nights there. I can't remember when I had a nicer time staying at a hotel. I was travelling by myself on business. In the evening, I hoped to have a little fun. After all this is San Juan. The hotel is clearly gay friendly, but hardly exclusively so. It's a great place to meet people, especially when travelling alone, as I was. Perhaps they should consider a tea dance one night on the roof. It could be FABULOUS! Even still, sitting on the roof alone is a pleasure, and the Mojitos, expertly made, bring it all to fruition.I loved the bath products, my oceanfront room, and the welcoming eye contact, greetings and smiles from all the hotel staff. It made me feel like this was my second home. If only all hotels trained their staff to smile and nod at their guests, it makes such a huge difference. Made me feel special.The lighting is a bit funky, and my room could've used a full length mirror, but these are minor. The main thing is I didn't feel like I was part of a corporate machine as guests often do at mainstream hotels like Ritz Carlton or Embassy Suites. This was fully personalized all the way.I can't wait to go back!The furnishings are a little bit worn, but the bed is comfy and the sheets are 100% egyptian cotton. The bath products are by H20 and make for a luxurious shower experience (though the shower has some leak challenges. I didn't worry about it though and left that to Housekeeping.)  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thehappytraveler421
<Content>True Service This was my second time staying at the the hotel both last February and again this year trying to get away from the cold of NY. The hotel does need some work and they are honest about it but the level of service that they provide surpasses all the negatives. Yes, the music is loud from the wet lounge but why would you stay there if you weren鈥檛 planning on being at the party. Staff makes you feel like you have known them forever from the first time you walk into the lobby. The view from the ocean front rooms is spectacular. The new menu at wet is great pricey but great. In all honesty if you鈥檙e looking for total peace and quiet this isn鈥檛 the place for you. If you want to relax on the beach during the day and party at night you should make your reservation after reading this. The other hotels in the area should model whatever type of service training is offered their because not even the Ritz can contest.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>enjibeck
<Content>Leaky Elevators and Loud Rooms at the Sinking Water Club Two years ago my husband and I visited the Water Club for a night out on their roof terrace- back then the party was going, the hotels' lobby and fixtures were newer and much nicer. Unfortunately the hotel has worn very poorly- we returned last month to find one of the lifts was sporadically out of service and one of the glass walls in the other one was leaking water- all over my husbands shirt!The rooms were a disappointment. . . we actually moved from one room to a different one because the walls are paper thin and our neighbors next door were vigorously testing the mattress springs- the second room wasn't much better since paying a premium for an ocean view room means you are overlooking the valet parking area- so your choice is to be on a high floor and hear the music and din of people from the rooftop or be on a lower floor and listen to the cars pulling up and blasting music. The bathrooms are very small, there isn't any place to store your clothing (read: no real closet space to speak of), the lighting consist of a few cheap lamps and this weird blue florescent lighting, and finally the window unit AC is loud and needs to be replaced. This was a quick weekend trip my husband and IU were looking forward ot just unwinding and not doing much of anything but unfortunately we returned from the trip more exhausted than anything after losing sleep for three night between the noise of the people in the hallway, rooms next door, the street noise, the bar noise and the AC turning on and off TRYING to keep the room cool. All in all it was a massive disappointment.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajthompson76
<Content>The Water Closet       dirty chair  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	4	4	2	

<Author>John3775
<Content>A lot of Hype This hotel has far too many negatives that outweight the positives. First of all, the beach really is amazing. The hotel brings out chairs and drinks for you which is quite nice. However, the hotel itself does not live up to it's hype. The rooms are chic but our shower didn't work for several hours since they cut off the water. Odd for a hotel that calls itself the Water Club. We couldn't try the main restaurant since it was closed but we did get sushi and drinks on the rooftoop. Hands down the worst sushi I have ever had. Just outright terrible. The sushi was extremely fishy, had a poor color to it, and just wasn't prepared with skill. I am glad we only stayed for one night. The price just isn't worth the hype of this hotel. I laughed at the room service menu. The prices would make the Ritz Carlton blush. $80 for a bottle of Yellowtail wine? I don't even think Puff Daddy would pay those prices. If you do end up staying here, just book a couple of nights and see how it is. Don't be surprised at all the add ons to your bill, there will be plenty of them.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MNDC
<Content>Gone Downhill You can tell this hotel might have been kind of special at one time. Also, most of the staff are friendly and helpful. Now the hotel needs to be repainted and thoroughly cleaned, and the cheap materials they used when they rehabbed last (2002?) are falling apart. Mixed with the generally stuck-up attitude of the place, the price you pay, and the space-age aesthetic it's pretty pathetic.Other things I didn't like:* The phone system blocks you from using calling cards.* The business center is one clunky old Mac in a closet that uses Firefox.* The area (Isla Verde) is boring and has no charm unless you like overpriced food and throwing your money away at second-rate casinos.Spare yourself the disappointment. Stay somewhere in Old San Juan, and go somewhere else on the island for swimming and snorkeling.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BKxLatina
<Content>Loved It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE this place! The staff is great and the ambiance is CHILL to the 10th power. The room was off the hook with a beautiful view of the beach and the lighting is something straight out of Belly. Take two steps away from the hotel and you can be sipping pina coladas on the beach and bathing in the sun. Kevin will make sure you have all the chairs and towels you need and Willie will be waiting for you at the door to welcome you back from a long day of chilling. The rooftop is the perfect place to kick back during the day and shake what your mama gave you at night. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mor526
<Content>Wonderful experience My husband and I  another couple stayed for one week and loved it!!! It is right on the beach and the service is excellent.Every-one was very attentive.We would highly recommend this hotel to others. We will be returning to Puerto Rico this summer and will be staying at The Water Beach Club again. We are in our 50's and enjoyed the youthful atmosphere.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Larry66
<Content>The Water Club is a third-rate hotel the Restaurant is wretched Don't believe the ads! Rooms lack space to accommodate even carry-on-only travelers. Makeup: no space, no light other than weak sink fixture and blue fluorsecents behind sheer curtains, flaking the room, even covering over the bathroom door. Why fight a curtain before opening a door? Noise. Noisy? No, LOUD! You'd swear the iice machine is in your room's *non-existent* closet and hallway conversations are pillow-talk . Chest of 3 drawers: total unit measurements approx 18w x 28 h. Stuff it all in that! Hang-up space for dresses, slacks? Nope, goes in that dollhouse set of drawers! Don't go think about watching Superbowl. TV recpetion = Fairbanks white-out! Don't bring books to read in room poorly lit with a single broken lamp, execpt for aforemntioned overbounteous blue fluorescents. Room so small, desk is small sheet of sculpt glass hung by cables fastened to peg board on reverse side of headboard. Noise from the roof-top band rattled bathroom mirror until 2 a.m. Friday night, 4 a.m. on Saturday night. The Tangerine restaurant: $17 for Caesar Salad (several pieces of lettuce slightly larger than the overlaying anchovie); Shrimp enedible, tasted  smelled sewer-farmed over linguini coiled in tasteless library paste. Snapper cardbard-bone-dry , inedible too. Housekeeping is spotty at best. Over-friendly staff is a blatant coverup to dilute impact of a very shoddy, disfunctional, facility, extremely over-photoshoped, glorified and overpriased for advertising.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>RossNorthCarolina
<Content>Hip? The San Juan Water Club made the Conde Nast Travelers list of best hotel for 2000. Perhaps they need to visit again. The best part of this hotel is the staff, their genuine friendliness and helpfullness. Because it is a boutique hotel, the staff gets to know you quickly. Also the hotel is right on the beach. There are negatives however.This hotel boasts of it cool factor. There is a rooftop bar with leather longues that are in need of replacement, along with the salt air weathered furniture. The elevators have beautiful waterfalls inside,but inadequate ventilation of the heat-so they are muggy. There is practically no in room storage space-pack light!  If you are in a partying mood on Friday or Saturday night, the rooftop, known asWET is the place for you. A young hip local crowd dances to 2am on Fridays and 5 am on Saturdays. If sleep is your plan, this is not the weekend place for you. On the weekdays, the hotel is a lot quieter. Ironically, the majority of the people that can afford these accomodations are the baby boomer set- though there are some 30-40ish people. A word about the restaurant-Tangerine. Avoid it! We should have known better, when at 8:15 pm the place was empty.At this highly rated dining spot, we had one of the worst meals we have had anywhere Still, I would come back. I hate large impersonal hotels, I liked the location and closeness to the airport-5 minutes. No, you don't hear the planes as much as you might think. And I liked being on the beach. A very convienient car rental, is right behind the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>luvPR
<Content>Weird, but interesting       Artwork over the Bed  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lomstradamus
<Content>Dream Honeymoon Vacation       Chris, William,  Emily  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NateDogg2
<Content>LOUD Techno Party The San Juan Water and Beach Club may have been a cool place to stay back in the late 1990's when black lights and techno music was in. Unfortunately in 2008, the hotel has obviously seen it's day come and go. The general look and feel of the hotel is one that is meant to overload the senses (once again, this may be cool if your on E). Most of the lighting throughout the hotel is by blue or black lights; in all of the rooms, hallways, elevators and common area's. There is a recurring soundtrack of waves crashing that is played ever so loudly in the hallways. That is layered on top of loud, cheesy techno music. So much so that you can hear it while you lay in your bed. The elevators and the ends of the hallways have waterfalls inside of them. The first time you ride in a elevator with a clear ceiling, a waterfall on the back wall, filled with blue lights, and blaring techno music you might think that it is cool(if your a raver-monkey).The WORST part of our stay at the hotel came at night. There was a planned rooftop party with 5 different DJ's that started at 11 and went until 5AM. The techno music was loud enough to keep even the soundest sleepers (such as myself) awake. But it was the drunken people in the hallways screaming that really put me over the top. I remember looking at my cool bedside IPod clock stereo when I heard the last yelling at 4:56AM. We were offered bottles of water in return for the worst nights sleep the next morning.The hotels restaurant Tangerine had an appetizing menu, and promised an award winning chef; however the food was nothing special. My sister had a $20 caprese salad, which consisted of 2 slices of tomato and one slice of mozzarella. I had a small $30 dish of linguine with 4 shrimp on it, with the most unflavorful cream sauce. My wife had $36 ribs that tasted great but were colder than room temperature.Our room had a very dirty floor. Sand had not been swept up since the last guests. Over near the window where the air conditioner was, the pergo flooring was all bubbled and peeling from previous water damage. In the bathroom, as you can read from many other guests reviews, there is a pane of glass that is far to small to block the spray of the shower head. Water will go all over the floor. Hot water lasted approximately 3 minutes before turning cold. As other reviewers have said, we had no safe in our room when we showed up. They did put one in shortly after, but it was not bolted down. Which leads me to believe that the hotel has a short supply of these and rotates them around, not securing them when they do. The supposed flat screen TV was a 19 ancient Zenith TV with a mismatched remote that had electrical tape holding it together.I would be remiss if I did not point out some of the hotels good qualities. The location is on a dead end culd-de-sac right across from the beach. The location provides easy access to many of the nearby attractions and the airport. The rooftop has a fantastic view of the beach and surrounding areas. The rooftop pool is pretty cool with J Lo like white lounge couches surrounding it. (However, some had large tears in them and were obviously dirty). The free little hotel soap and shampoo was some designer stuff that was actually really nice. The IPod clock radio was another nice little touch.I have hardly ever in my life complained about a restaurant or a hotel. But I feel the need to warn those who are drawn into this hotels cool boutique feeling and inviting photographs. It is not what it appears to be.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>bekahblue22
<Content>Loud and way passed it's prime While the photos look great and I can appreciate what this hotel was once trying to do, it is no longer the amazing Conde Nast praised destination it once was. The design of this hotel is great. The roof top bar and lounge area is great during the day. It has an amazing view and I was able to spend a good chunk of time in the sun there.Beware of the LOUD experience... on many levels. When entering the hotel you'll be greeted with the sound of rushing water... not only are there many fountains all over the building, they pump in (loudly) the sound of running water and crashing waves. While I appreciate what they're trying to do, the water sounds pumped into every level, on every floor in every nook and cranny, are way too loud and way over done. The upsetting part of the stay was the horiffic sounds at NIGHT. And I'm not talking 10 p.m. 11 p.m. or even 12 p.m... A roof top DJ party raged well it 6 a.m. While I was staying on the 8th floor (and the roof top is the 11th), I was kept awake by blaring techo music and crazy people screaming drunk in the hall ways all night long. I am a very heavy sleeper, and it was the first time I can remember being kept awake. I was not notified that this party was taking place (by expedia, or the hotel). Upon calling the front desk at 4 a.m. 5 a.m. etc, no one even answered so that I could complain about the rediculous noise and bed base shaking boom boom techo going on. (Please note that I am 22 and not a 60 year old... I like to party as much as the next guy... and I didn't even get to bed until 1 a.m. that night anyway) In the morning the manager of the hotel promised to comp money for the horrible time, however this never happened and I've been sent on a wild goose chase to try and get some type of compensation for my almost 300$ night laying awake listening to screaming drunks and techno. The only up-side to the loud techo late-night/early-morning techo party was that it music was beyond loud enough to drown out the annoyingly loud water crashing waves music that may have otherwise kept me awake as well. The area surrounding the hotel is unsafe. Speaking with the bell boys, I was able to find out the area was previously very over-run with drugs etc, and that police were constantly patroling the area to try and keep an eye on the safety of the tourists. While this might appear to be comforting, be aware too that you can take a short walk around the corner to one of the worlds biggest cock-fighting arrenas. Its a stange area to stay in. While its a pretty location and the decor in the hotel is great... beware of the LOUD music and water noises. Ask in advance if there will be an all night techo party before booking a stay at the San Juan Water and Beach Club Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>mpm4
<Content>Please read, this hotel is unsafe!!!! This place is certainly for younger people, as it is a boutique with a loud rooftop bar at night and small rooms. The rooftop was relaxing during the day, but hosts private parties at night. If you plan on getting sleep do not stay here!!!! The hallways are loud and the rooftop is loud at night. The worst part however was the gang of kids hanging out in front of the hotel late night until the early morning, playing loud rap music (that literally reverberated in our 4th floor room) and screaming and yelling. My girlfriend and I called management 3 times to have the gang removed, but nothing could be done (it was on the street in front of the hotel which management said was public property, even though the street is a cul de sac with no other properties on it but the hotel). Neither of us slept that night.Adding to the unsafe feeling, my girlfriend and I were in our room during the day when someone barged into our room. When we asked who it was, the intruder paused and said he was looking for a jacket. I never saw this person and have no idea how this person got a key to our room.Generally the room was dirty, and at one point during the night the air conditioner spewed out an awful smell, similar to that of burning hair.When we approached the manager at 10 am about leaving and cancelling our remaining 2 nights he said I would have to pay for the next night but he would waive the third night. We should have been refunded for the first night in reality, but I figured I would let that slide, but never would I imagine that after such a horrible experience would they also charge me for the next night when I would not even be there.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sugarbee333
<Content>Could be 5 star with attention to small details We stayed at the Water Club for 7 nights. While the location was great, there are some things that could be attended to that would make this a great hotel. Our room was nice - on the 9th floor, with a french balcony. We booked a deluxe room online and we had an ocean view - not ocean front, but we could see the ocean. It had a king bed, with a tv. Very clean. Now the issues - there was no bureau in our room, so we had to live out of our suitcases. Not a big deal, but there wasnt even a closet in our room. There was a space that looked like it would be a closet, but there was this desk drawer thing that made it impossible to hang up a dress or pair of pants. The mini bar - and I use that term loosely - was set up on top of this desk drawer. It was a wooden tray with some snacks in it - no refridgerator or anything. We didn't have a safe or an ironing board in the room - we did have an iron. We called down and they brought us up a safe and ironing board. Well, if you can carry a safe up, you can carry it out of the room - it wasn't bolted down or anything. And, it didn't work. So I am glad that I didn't bring my laptop. We would just put our valuables in a suitcase and lock the suitcase - not the best security, but better than nothing. And nothing was ever taken. We were also missing the binder with all of the hotel info, room service menu, etc in it. So on a night when it rained, we went down to the front desk to ask for a room service menu - they said it was in the binder, which we didn't have. We were also missing the marker for the Your Desires board, so we could never communicate what we needed. These were all of the little things that we felt could have been taken care of and would have made a big difference. It in no way ruined our trip, just made for some annoyance. And our shower leaked all over the place - we just put towels down to absorb the water. The bar on the roof was great and we had some good sushi and drinks there one night.We booked the trio tour package through the hotel, which was to the Rain Forest, Luquillo Beach and the Bioluminescent Bay. We highly recommend it; Debbie our tour guide was great. We also spent one day in Old San Juan and toured the 2 forts - definitely worth seeing.We walked every night down to the other main hotels - Intercontinental, El San Juan  the Ritz. The ESJ is gorgeous - definitely check it out. We had a great dinner at the Palm Restaurant in the ESJ. Overall, we enjoyed our stay...but it could have been great if the hotel worked on their attention to details.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>LPCAMA12
<Content>Great Location       Beach in front of hotel  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>alonsocyn
<Content>Overpriced and not trendy After much research and what we thought would be a hip and trendy area, we were very much dissappointed with the hotel and the area. Yes the entrance of the hotel looks like South Beach Miami but the rooms are not. Just to give you an idea of our taste, I'm 28 and my boyfriend's 37, we've traveled pretty much to all the top destinations internationally. We consider ourselves part of the trendy crowd and easy to please. We usually hit the new trendy clubs but also traffic sports bars and wine bars. From the pictures posted on the hotel's website I'd say the photographer did an amazing job but in real life the furniture looked like it was purchased from Ikea, small rooms with a small closet area, the restrooms - shower does not have a sliding door or curtain nor exhaust fans to remove humidity - basically you'll have to crack the window in the shower to let out the humidity and let in hot air, plus you'll end up with water splashing out of the shower and into the restroom. Big mess and I can assure you I'm pretty low maintenance, this stuff usually doesn't bother me but I was annoyed by how much we payed, I expected 5 star hotel amenities for that price. And lastly the pool was dirty and the nice view blocked by the dirty safety glass around it.Hotel food is overpriced, instead we opted for a hotdog from one of the vendor's on the beach, yummy and only $2.00 each, oh and they come with shoe string fries on top. My boyfriend and I found better options in Old San Juan. The best food and atmosphere was here in Old San Juan. Try Dragonfly or Tantra restaurants. We tried several restaurants in Old San Juan area and were never dissappointed, can't wait to go back to eat here. In Old San Juan you will also find nice nightlife, not chic and trendy but better than what the Beach  Water Club has to offer. Back at the Beach  Water Club - beautiful lounge and you'll hear hip hop and some salsa all night long, would be nice if they alternated the music a little. We tried out the hotel's lounge one night and the music was way too loud, lounder than a club, I asked if they could turn it down a notch and they said no, crazy since I noticed other patrons were annoyed by it too, I'm sure I was not the first nor the last to request this. Anyway their response was, they were trying to bring in people from the other clubs around the area, not sure why since the crowd was kinda young and rowdy - Spring Break crowd - the lounge has a rooftop but is open all around, basically their theory was play the music loud enough so that everyone in a five block radius can hear it and come party. The best club we found at the time was at the casino, even Tommy Lee and his buddies partied there that night. I think as long as the music is enjoyabe and you're with good company then you'll have a good time.Things I recommend to try while in Puerto Rico - While there we toured the Bacardi factory, very fun and even better with free drinks. We also did the rainforest, loved it. FYI - wear you're bathing suit under your clothes so you can enjoy a nice cool dip by the waterfall, you'll need it after the trek down to it. Things I liked about this hotel, only two - the beach is beautiful and the lounge has a great view. Overall I give this hotel a 2.5 stars out of 5 because of the lack of hotel amenities, overpriced for the quality, the staff is not very friendly with the exception of the boutique owner - he's a sweetheart. We will not be staying at this hotel again. This hotel is lost when it comes to which crowd they are catering too. I recommend this hotel to the Spring Break crowd.My advice - The best part of town to stay in is Old San Juan, rent a car and drive out to the beach since it is public. .  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>bg_nyc
<Content>OK But Severely Overpriced.       Front desk.. pretty cool!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chichick
<Content>Great stay, fun place       beach in front of Water Club  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NatTaggart
<Content>Cool beans Excellent Hotel, cool location, centrally located near El San Juan, Ritz, and Intercontinental casinos. Lots of local good restaurants, bar on top of Water Club is great for a double gin and tonic and to see the San Juan skyline. Rooms have a modern slant, all look towards the Atlantic, and hotel is on the beach.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>feltqueen
<Content>Fantastic Vacation at the Water Club We stayed for four nights and five days in one of the four ocean front suites with a package through Luxury Link. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and this looked like just the kind of place for us. I love the high end, eye-candy, every amenity type hotels, and my husband is perfectly happy with a tent and a sleeping bag. Finding the right combination of quality without the snootiness that comes with many of the 5-Star properties is always a challenge. This boutique hotel was perfect for us.The suite comprised one bedroom and a living room. Both were fashioned in a white on white minimalist style. There were plenty of lamps, tvs, cd players and even an ipod dock/player, as well as plenty of closet space. The bathroom was small, but more than sufficient. The room was very clean and spacious. The housekeeping staff were friendly and always willing to give us extra towels, shampoo, etc.I loved the rooftop bar, sushi bar, and pool area. Yes, the pool is small and it gets very windy up there, but the view is spectacular and we enjoyed several evenings there.We ate at the Tangerine Restaurant. The food and service were excellent.The beach was on the doorstep, and we spent a couple of days just lounging around on the reclininers provided by the hotel (towels and umbrellas were also provided). Staff from the hotel would bring you anthing you wanted. Water was available at the entrance after a hard day at the beach, and there were usually treats in the form of candy, cookies or little cakes at the front desk.The staff are all young and good-looking and every single one of them was pleasant, helpful, and friendly.We loved the muted blue mood lighting the room and public areas, as well as the music in the hallways and elevators, which we could not hear from our rooms.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a unique experience in a cool, trendy atmosphere.We would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dminner1
<Content>Great place and great people... I really liked this place and will go back. You can find specials and packages on their website.. The drinks and the view at the bar on the roof are great, but the sushi was average. The staff is awesome.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>writerwood
<Content>Fun, Hip Hotel       Rooftop Club  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smakabuti
<Content>Could have been great...but wasn't. Ok, well, I was pretty excited about this place from the pics and some of the more recent reviews. My gf and I like little mod boutique hotels and after the other 2 places we stayed at in Puerto Rico, we could have used a good spot. The other places were El Convento and the Crow's Nest, which were awful experiences. I'm not picky, but she is. I've stayed on the floor in real dumps before. I've done my time in small rooms in a rainforest medical clinic. I'm not so squeamish or particular.But anyway, onto the review of the Water Club.By comparison, this place was much nicer than the other 2 places we stayed at (but that's not saying much). The staff was overall very friendly and greeted us with a smile. We had trouble with the internet and she came right up to help us. There is no in room internet. You have to go to the 2nd floor. The rooftop bar was amazing. All done in white cushions with a pool you could lounge at. Very nice. The rest of the place had potential, but was really getting worn out. The paint was chipping, there were scuffmarks all over, that kind of thing. Really, it could use a manager who cared about the place.The room itself had an amazing oceanfront view with a small balcony. The blue light was cool at first, but then I had to turn it off because it bothered my eyes. The bed was pretty comfortable but we had to get the sheets changed because there was lipstick on the fitted sheet. Bad form I say. They changed it right away but the replacement sheets were really rough and old. You could see obvious piling and feel it. Again, not good.The furniture was all nicked and scratched and the TV was a small 27 incher on a crooked stand. We had a full sized ironing board.The bathroom was nice, but the sink didn't drain well. I didn't have any problem with the shower making a mess. Our biggest problem was the construction in the mornings which started at 900 am. We wanted to sleep in, but there were workers hammering both on the floor above and on the top floor where the bar is. I called and asked them to stop and she said they would, but they didn't. I called again and the said they would stop and again they didn't. Once more I called and they said they would stop and they didn't. I asked for some sort of compensation and they first offered a late checkout. I was not satisfied with that and so they offered a continental breakfast and a candle. I was pretty upset about it but that's all they would do. I think overall this place has potential, but it's not as nice as the pictures show. Also, I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday, but they didn't do anything special at all.I wouldn't stay here again.The area around the hotel is not very nice either. The only thing that is exceptional is the beach.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>evolutiondob
<Content>Wonderful Potential - Worth the Visit I just returned from spending four nights at the Water Club. The hotel is ideally located across a narrow road on a very beautiful stretch of beach. The area around the hotel seems to be going through revitalization as a number of the buildings were either being refurbished or new buildings were under construction. Of course, with all of the construction in the area there was a lot of noise by 10:00 a.m. every morning. So, light sleepers may have a problem with the noise factor.The hotel itself has great potential. The d茅cor is modern and crisp which is a refreshing break from the traditional 鈥渞esort鈥?hotels. When you first walk in, the hotel shows quite well but if you slow down and pay attention to the details, you will see where some sprucing up would be in order. There are some areas that need attention, namely the elevators and the water features on the walls. The elevator was slow, and despite the dim light you could still see the worn and dirty carpet. The hotel has music playing pretty much all day but I actually liked it and it added to the overall atmosphere. The hotel has a wonderful feel to it overall and I think with a little TLC it can be a real standout. The room and bathroom was not as small as I had feared, and the room was decorated very nicely. Everything was clean, white and modern. There's an interesting bluish light surrounding the perimeter of the room that enhances the decor. If there is one issue it would definitely be the lack of storage storage. There鈥檚 a tiny three drawer 鈥淚kea鈥?type dresser in the closet. There was no place to store luggage so I ended up using the armchair during my stay to place my luggage. The lack of storage can be a definite problem for most people 鈥?especially on an extended stay. There was not a full sized ironing board either but rather one of those small ones with no legs that are typically used in college dormitories. That was a bit of a hassle since I had to prop it up on a chair in order to iron my clothing.The bathroom shower has a half 鈥渄oor鈥?enclosing it but I did not have any problems with water going everywhere. The bathroom was not luxurious by any stretch of the imagination but it seemed to work well with the overall d茅cor of the room. It was clean, modern looking and everything was in good working order.I booked during off season and well in advance so I only paid $137 per night for a standard, non-ocean view room. I had a chance to see the inside of a full ocean view room and the view was spectacular. Frankly, with the close proximity of the beach, unless you are fortunate enough to get one of the ocean view rooms that has a walkout balcony, I鈥檓 not sure if it is actually worth paying the premium for the view. One of the highlights of the hotel is the staff. Everyone was professional, friendly and willing to help in any way they could. They really made the stay even more enjoyable. Just so you know, the cleaning staff does not change the sheets every time they clean the room. So, if you like your sheets changed daily, you may need to ask.A few things about the area surrounding the hotel. First of all, you can get to the casinos at the InterContinental, El San Juan Hotel and the Ritz Carlton by taking a short 5-10 minute walk with the Ritz Carlton being the hotel furthest away. There are a lot of fast food restaurants within walking distance, including Mi Casita (authentic Puerto Rican food) and Metropol. There鈥檚 also an Outback Steak House, Ruth Chris and other well known American restaurants within walking distance.The area is heavily patrolled by police, especially at night. There are a few eateries as well as a Walgreens that is open 24 hours, and there are a lot of people walking the streets late at night. I and my friend (we are both women) actually walked from the InterContinental casino on two nights well after 2:00 a.m. and the streets were well lit and there were quite a few tourists and locals out and about. The police drive up and down the stretch every few minutes with their blue lights flashing. While it is always good to not take any unnecessary chances, I can honestly say that I never felt unsafe walking the main streets at night.You can get to Old San Juan by taking the A5 at a bus stop located just a minute or two from the hotel. The fare is $0.75 and the ride is about 40 minutes or so. The route meanders through a lot of the local neighborhoods and a few shopping districts, but the very last stop on the route is at the bus station in Old San Juan. Once you get off at the last stop, you can exit either through the front or rear of the bus station and will immediately see the shops of Old San Juan. I highly recommend taking the bus if you鈥檙e planning a day trip to Old San Juan 鈥?and it sure beats paying $19 one way.Overall, I really enjoyed staying at the Water Club and would definitely recommend staying if you visit the Isle Verde section of Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Quartz575
<Content>A three day stay at this hotel My and my girlfriend spent a 3 day vacation at this hotel. I was not exactly thrilled with some of the negative comments posted on this website and yahoo and expedia. But we got the best package deal using this hotel. First of all, the room was not as small as I dreaded it would be. It was large enough for both of us; complete with hardwood flooring, neon blue lights, and a mini bar. Richard, the doorman out front was very friendly and was chock full of info for us...i.e where shops and restaraunts were located at. BTW, there were several within walking disance and the prices were just like here in the USA. It was a breez to go visit Old San Juan; just catch the bus 200 meters from the hotel,pay your dollar and enjoy the 45 minute ride! On the downside of this hotel was the unbelievable expensive restaurant they had at the main level. They charged $13 for a stack of pancakes and $16 for a hamburger and fries. Happy hour was a joke, it was by one get one free, but it was only for their cheap liquor...not for beer.The hotel was fenced off in some places,guess there are lots of shady people at night wandering around. Other than that,it was not too bad,especially if you want to be near the beach.....a 30 second walk from the front door.Mark  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajalm05
<Content>It gets better and better! This is an excellent hotel with a very friendly staff that is eager to meet all of your needs. The rooms are very comfortable and the beach is directly in front of the hotel! However, the best part about this hotel is the staff. They remembered our names and greeted us each day with a warm smile and friendly hello.This is the second time that we stayed at this hotel and it was excellent last time...even better this time! I recommend it to all of my friends and family and plan many trips in the future.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ariday333
<Content>RIDICULOUS!!! WOW I just came back from my trip to Puerto Rico...it was my first time and definitely will not be my last. This hotel is SICKKKK...it's definitely for young couples or singles. I stood here for a long weekend and I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this hotel. Let me start by mentioning their hospitality...the minute we arrived the gentlemen at the door asked us our names and throughout the stay they would always say to my boyfriend, Hey Alex How is everything?. No matter what any of the employees were doing they would always stop and say hi, they were definitely on top of their game.The Room: I knew my trip was going to be a blast the minute we checked into our room. Our view of the beach was just flawless. The bathroom, yes was small but I wasn't planning on spending my vacation in there...it was spotless and that means more to me than anything else. There's an Ipod Dock that allows you to place your ipod and play music...That was my favorite part b/c I got to listen to my tunes the whole weekend. Overall the room was amazing.The Food: We went to a couple of restaurants that were amazing. Levi's which is on Ave. Isla Verde was realllly good..it's located about 10 minutes (driving) as if you're heading to the Condado..if you go you must try the Mofongo (smashed green plantains)..one of the best! There's also 'La Casita' just a couple of blocks away that was cheap and excellent. Every morning and afternoon that we would pass by the restaurant there was a long line, so we knew then and there that we had to try it. The massage: It was my birthday and my boyfriend called the hotel in advance to book an hour massage for me. The hotel contracts the services of this young lady named Karen Lugo. This massage was like no other. It was the most spiritual massage I've ever had...she's a body healer and you can feel all the negative energy you have inside just release your body as she massages you. The massage took place on the second floor balcony of the hotel..it was surreal to look up and see the turqoise water as I was getting this amazing massage done. YOU MUST YOU MUST GET A MASSAGE...her phone number is (787)635-1440 or email her at bodyhealer@hotmail.com....TRUST ME you will love this!Activities: There plenty to do around there. For starters, the hotel has a lounge called 'Wet' on the roof, which also has a pool that yes is small but it's really nice if you want to just lay out in one of their white beds and soak up some sun. At night a lot of people visit the loung upstairs because the view of the island is amazing from up there. There's also El San Juan Hotel (ESJ)...the minute you enter the lobby of that hotel there's people dancing because of the salsa band that plays there at night. It was very crowded and a mix crowd of young and older people They have a really nice casino as well. And of course, you must go and visit El Viejo San Juan (Old San Juan), it's just mesmerizing beyond words. We spent a whole day just walking the beautiful streets...it was just so romantic.Altogether I have to say I've never had a vacation so flawless as this one. DO NOT THINK ABOUT IT TWICE..BOOK IT! Trust me you won't regret it!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mocha37
<Content>Loved it! I loved it! At first I was skeptical because I felt like the pictures were overated and was torn about where to stay. But I will say that I had no regrets. If you have a really contemporary, chic, and down to earth personality, then this was the spot for you. I am very picky and I will say that I felt accommodated. The only things I did not like was the management and the location  They seem very tight on giving you anything extra as far as special accommodations. For instance, we had a late flight and we did not realize that check out was at 12:00 so we wanted them to accommodate us with a room for a few hours and they wanted to charge us over $230 for the one night. But on the flip side they did upgrade the room when we first check in because they did not have our room ready to full oceanview. I also heard someone complain about that he always stays here when he comes to Puerto Rico and this was the first time he did get any special treatment. So I think that management was very stern this go around. Plus housekeeping threw out our bottle of rum and management came upstairs to verify how much liquor was left in the bottle before they gave up 6 coupons for free drinks.  It was located away from the other hotels so alot of the buildings around it was run down. Since it was not near the other resort hotels you had to walk about 15-20 minutes to participate in any of the water sports.  But again I liked the hotel itself. So sometimes you have to choose your battles. This hotel is definitely for people who can appreciate that Miami flavor and I would not recommend this place to someone under the age of 13 and not to someone who is over 50 unless you are young at heart and very down to earth. So I hope all this helps!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	2	5	

<Author>PamperedQueenNy
<Content>Not worth it!!!! I figured i'd try the Water Club ......for a change from the whole resort feel. Big mistake this Boutique hotel is way overrated. Upon first glance you think south beach swanky...not!!!! More like discontinued furniture from Ikea...Room service is a complete joke. There were never enough towels in the room. Our room was on the top floor so we could hear the music all nite from the club. The pool water was dirty. In addition people who aren't staying at the hotel can obviously go to club were hanging out in the stairwell of the hotel . I went out for ice and strangers are hanging in the hallway. On our last night the smoke alarms went off for several hours. After calling the front desk to inquire, they told me to all was fine. Some one is smoking in their room? The alarms went on and off for at least 3 hours. The front desk is a complete joke, a bunch of uncouth girls who need some training on customer service. If you鈥檙e going to P.R. don't stay here. I'm sorry it took so long to submit this but i saw an ad they posted regarding a sale they have going on. Don't take the bait, you鈥檒l regret it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>caclemor
<Content>Listen and Read This Review From a Hotel Guy! Before we left to go to San Juan, we read a lot of reviews and narrowed it down to Water Club and El Convento in Old San Juan. We made the right choice with Water Club.Being in the Hotel Industry, I am probably one of the most cricical of critics when it comes to hotels. My clients have included Ian Schrager, Leona Helmsley, Starwood, Marriot, etc. So I will be very candid in this review.1) Does if have the vibe of Ian Schrager? Yes. It is totally South Beach Miamai and New York all wrapped up. Does it need some attention to maintain the vibe? Of course, but considering it is a tourist hotel with a hip, chic following, what more would you expect than a little wear and tear.2) Rooms? Nicely appointed, very hip, great use of space (think HGTV's Small Spaces). They take every square inch of space in a 300 sq. ft. partial ocean view room and utilize it nicely. My only observation was, Why didn't you upgrade the bathrooms to be hip and chic? Air conditioning worked great and we had a nice partial view of the Isle Verde beach! After all, who is going to sit in their room and stare out the window.3) Staff? All I can say is WOW. Very attentive, friendly, and gracious. In fact, when we checked out yesterday, they were having a staff meeting in the lobby and each and every staff member wished us well and thanked us profusely for visiting. Favorites bartendar Philip (yummy), Julia waiteress in the Wet Bar on the roof, Kevin the beach guy, door man who I forget his name but an older (not ancient) guy who was just the best, Christina at the front desk, and the list goes on.4) Location? Great. If you want a cool, hip, hotel without the overwhelming tourist traffic and over abundance of american eateries, then this is the spot. Isolated? Depends on your view. We loved not being in tourist central (Old San Juan), steps to the beach where chairs and umbrellas were always ready and waiting (thank you Kevin), drinks a plenty. Negatives - Isle Verde does not have an over abundance of restaurants unless you like Burger King (two within two blocks of the hotel) Wendy's, Subway, etc. However, the adventure of trying the local hangouts was good - Metropole(Puerto Rican/Cuban Cusine - recommend the Cuban Fiesta Dinner), Bachallina, Mi Casita (great local place next to the supermarket and subway), Ediths for true local, local dive hang out. However, be prepared to pay $15 - $20 each way to get to Condado or Old Town San Juan.5) Tours? The tour group recommended by the hotel was top notch - Ask for Joey as your guide! He was awesome. We did the Rainforest (beautiful), another beach and the bioluminescent kayaking. Nice day, very long (9:30 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.) but worth it except for the beach (was just a public municiple beach). But as I said, ask for Joey!!!6) Recommendations in Old San Juan - Sonne (Sangrias), Turkish Restaurant, Pina Colada Club next to the Fort for great iced frozen cool down drinks (non-alcholic and great on a hot day when visiting the forts and walking). Happy Hour at the hotel, drinks 2 for $5 from 5 - 6. Use the free drink welcome coupon at Wet for your free Mojito. Use your free lunch coupon at wet, just be prepared that if you have cocktails your bill will still be $40. Try the nachos. Interesting use of Wasabi Chips.7) Disappointments but not complaints? Maid service lacked on a couple of days, but use the Desires board in your room and everything will be fine. Elevators slow. Drinks expensive at the hotel, but what do you expect.8) Ignore the comments about the noise and music(we stayed in room 710, right next to the elevators which have the cool music that resonates day and night and never heard a bit of the music in our room nor the elevators), enjoy the oversized couches on the roof deck, bask in the chic atmosphere, ignore the comments about the gift shop (nice stuff), elevators are a very cool experience, enjoy the white pallette of the hotel and minimilistic approach, and most of all take it all in. Was I overwhelemed by the experience? Being a hotel guy - not overwhelmed, but truly enjoyed the essence and experience and would stay there again when in Puerto Rico. And if anyone can tell me how to steal the beautiful wooden sculpture in the lobby just past the elevators as you head to the lobby bathrooms...I want it for my pool area here at home.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lewy8
<Content>Perfect break from "resorts"  We stayed 5 nights at the Water Club at the end of June. The hotel is for designed especially for singles and couples. The rooms are modern decor  efficient with high speed internet (not wireless), mini bar, snacks, and a safe that will easily store your laptop and other items. The candles they burned in the hallway by the front desk smelled incredible! (I cannot find them on the internet, so buy the one in the room if you can stand to spend the money on a candle) We enjoyed the lounge chairs on the roof in the evenings. The happy hours is only an hour long, and the pool was tiny, but the beach makes this one of the best places to lounge. The building is older, so it was not perfect, but all of the buildings around the area are older and restored. If you are used to the Ritz, stay at the Ritz...we heard they offer a free shuttle to Pinones. But if you appreciate the time away from the norm, as much as the perfect hotel then stay the Water Club. The beach is right out the front door, and it is gorgeous. The entire staff will accommodate you if you just ask them. You're more likely to see local residents playing football, volleyball, or tag on the beach than you are likely to get harassed by locals trying to get you to buy stuff. There are many restaurants within walking distance. The area was extremely safe. We saw women on multiple occasions jogging alone down the main strip at dusk. Food and drinks are pricey, but that is true everywhere I've ever vacationed. Some reasonable prices at El Alambique, just down the street; and when you finally get lonely for home, they make a better hamburger than you can get in the states. Shops and restaurants don't necessarily open according to their posted hours, but be flexible, and you'll find some good food. The Wave right next to El Alambique, has a breakfast menu and the breakfast cheddar wrap is very good, comes with a coffee.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>adaiku
<Content>welcome oasis in isla verde We stayed four nights at this hotel last week and had a great time. Honestly, I couldn't have imagined staying anywhere else in Isla Verde... great beach location, fantastic staff (esp. William at the door and Kevin on the beach), super views from the nicely appointed (modern style, good linens, ipod stereo) room and the rooftop bar (with a great happy hour). The hotel wasn't crowded at all during the week, so its small size was an even bigger plus. Cleanliness was never a problem. Sure, there's techno-ish music in the halls and upstairs (not too loud and did not bother us), services are overpriced (where are they not), etc... but after days driving around San Juan and the rest of the island, we were happy to return at night. imho great for younger / active / independent travellers who enjoy modern design and are comfortable with something of an urban feel/style... certainly not a substitute for the Embassy Suites (families) or El San Juan (older/more conservative/resort crowd), but would have been quite disappointed if it were.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>andyg8180
<Content>You get more than your money's worth!! The moment we arrived at the Water Club, we were greeted by two beautiful ladies who were so professional and polite. We were pretty early on arrival, so they checked us in, gave us some travel tips, and allowed us to tour the building till a room was available. Just our luck, nothing was available so we were upgraded to a kick-ass ocean-view room!! The room was clean, the I-Home radio was a nice touch, and cable TV with Nickelodeon is nothing less than a home away from home. And the view was worth a million bucks and then some!Off to the beach!! You can literally skip from the front door to the ocean... you are right there!! Everyday, a young gentleman (i believe his name was Kevin), he shook my hand and welcomed me to the beach (by name) and got me a chair and umbrella鈥?Every once in a while, he would come by and ask if we needed drinks, towels or anything else to make us comfortable on the beach鈥?Cool kid to chat with too鈥?When his shift was over, he would ask if there was anything else we would like, and then politely hand us off to the next gentleman鈥?But, he is, in my opinion, a wonderful asset to the Water Club and an overall example to all other hotels in the district of how employees should treat their patrons. Anndd, off to dinner鈥?It was my girlfriend鈥檚 birthday and I wanted to do something special for her at dinner. I talked to Virna at the Desires counter, just to see if there was a champagne selection I can choose from so that it can be ready at the table. Well, let鈥檚 just say she went above and beyond anything I could have expected; rose petals and balloons on the table, a waiter ready to pour the first glass, and a birthday candle on her dessert. She even came by to wish my girlfriend a happy birthday yet she was supposed to have left for the evening. I don鈥檛 think I had enough 鈥渢hank-you鈥檚鈥?to give Virma or the staff that night. I only had a one issue with the hotel; the slamming doors. Ouch鈥?BUT, the manager assured me that they are working on the door situation as we speak...Besides that, I had a wonderful vacation... Treated like a Rockstar and came back to my busy life much more clear headed and relaxed...  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>divinemissmoe
<Content>Second Visti; New Owners are Well on Their Way to Destroying a Fantastic Hotel We came here first in April of 2004 and had a wonderful time and returned over this Memorial Day weekend. We love that San Juan is a direct flight from Boston, and that within 10 minutes of landing, you can be on the beach or at the roof top pool. Because we loved it so much the first time, we actually came back (something we have never done)--and we invited friends. We had told them how wonderful the roof deck and pool was, how good the restaurant was, what a fun city San Juan is, etc. I had read that it had changed owners, but some of the reviews seemed to suggest it hadn't declined much. They could not be more wrong. This hotel went from a polished, south-beach-cool kind of place to a dirty, cheap (there is now a hat-rack in the lobby selling beach hats), over-priced place trying to do everything in its power to induce orgies. However, unlike a scenester places in NYC or South Beach trying to create an orgy-effect, this place doesn't discriminate as to who it lets in--which frankly can be a little disgusting. The result is a bunch of overweight locals wearing bikinis and terry-cloth short-shorts taking over the roof starting at 4 pm and staying until the night is over. You'd like perhaps to have it be the beautiful people of San Juan, but it's not. It's literally late teens and early twenties types who would wear terry cloth short-shorts in the evening to a place that ostensibly doesn't allow men to wear shorts after 6--not true by the way. As I mentioned, the chubby terry-cloth-short-clad girls are no accident. The hotel has clearly changed its target demographic. Probably the most overt example of this is the menu of the restaurant, Tangerine (which USED to be fantastic, e.g., one of the best soups I've ever had, a very rich Pumpkin-Galangal soup). This example will seem bizarre, but keep reading. The quality of the very expensive food should really be guessed at by the descriptions of the menu items. Literally every single menu item has some sort of soft-core porn sounding description; example: the title of the soft shell crab appetizer was It's soft now, but can it get hard for me? Literally every single one had something like that. It's not particularly obscene, it's just ridiculous. But, we figured we'd try it because last time it was very, very good. Well, turns out the title of the soft shell crab appetizer was actually rather apt; the tempura on the crab was quite soft and mushy. I hope that's not really what they were referring to. The crab itself was also not that fresh (disgusting really, when you think you're eating the whole thing), the ceviche too was not fresh. In fact, the only thing any of our party of four ate that was good, was our $37 half rack of tamarind-marinated lamb chops. But, you'd have to char that to wreck it. OK, but the restaurant was not the real problem. The biggest problem was the pool. Two of the three days we were there, it was closed until 2 pm. Now, this wouldn't have been such a big deal, except for two things. 1) the roof top pool was literally the driving reason for our taking this trip. My husband doesn't like sand (weird, I know), so we really do care about the pool. We like that it's so comfortable, that there's bar service, that you can see the beach, etc. The other reason that this made us absolutely livid, is that they had a pool party two of the nights we were there which caused it to be closed (it is also one of the reasons all of the teenagers were there in their terry cloth shorts). Well, they let all of these non-hotel guests into the pool, and as any pool owner knows, after you have a large party, you HAVE to completely clean the pool, shock it with chlorine, etc. Well, these guys had to do this, too. And, apparently their filter broke due to all of the gross stuff in the pool from these pool parties. Now, if the guests at this pool party had been hotel guests, and we were all hungover the next day until 2 pm, and had been the cause of the damage, I think I'd be ok with it. But, as I said, that wasn't the case. They let any one in, and they let any one into their pool. The result was that the main reason we came down was unavailable to us for 2 of the 3 days. This was unacceptable. When we mentioned it to the manager, he just blew us off. Then there was the music. The music was jacked up to dance party levels every day starting at 2 pm. Even if you were the only people on the roof, and you asked them to turn it down b/c you were reading, no dice. You couldn't even talk it was so loud. Now, I don't mind that at some point during the night, I actually like it, and I wouldn't have minded it if it were only some parts of the roof, but it was all parts of the roof, starting at 2 pm. As I mentioned, they weren't particuarly interested in whether any of this appealed to their hotel patrons. Going to this hotel is like watching something beautiful be wantonly destroyed before your eyes. I will say, we still had a good time. The fantastic public spaces that the original architect put in do a lot to keep the place on life support. But we won't be back. After all, there is very little evidence from this trip to suggest that the owners have any ambition for the place save turning it into a 24/7 disco. And if they turned on the music any earlier that would have destroyed the few hours I was able to enjoy on the roof. Sadly, I don't know where else to suggest to stay. I liked El Convento when we went last time, but the rooms are dark, and being in the city with no access to the beach and so little roof top seating makes that a hard choice in my eyes (San Juan is too hot to stay out shopping all day, so don't kid yourself that you don't need a nice hotel with nice places to relax for hours at a time). I'm not a big fan of the clientele or the general vibe of the big places like the El San Juan or the Ritz, either. They are stodgy in a flat-footed sandle and elastic-banded-waist kind of way that is surprising, especially in a Ritz. I think I can only hope that someone buys the Water Club and returns it to it's former glory by limiting the number and type of non-hotel patrons who can use the roof, and realizes that more money can be made as a boutique hotel than as a disco/brothel staging ground. Or two, that someone else will open up another boutique hotel and stick to those standards.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>redtraveler
<Content>Looks can be deceiving I travel often, and I can say this, if you're looking for a quiet, relaxing, clean hotel in san juan where you can unwind - find another place. I truly believe that the Water Club should be stripped of it's Preferred Boutique status.The best part of out stay was dealing with the staff - most of them are very friendly at the front desk, and the baggage handlers. Very friendly and courteous, with the exception of one guy who works on Sunday nights - he seems more interested in helping his friends find cabs, or chatting on his blue tooth then helping guests get a cab.The rooms are just awful and are in need of a desperate renovation. Walls and ceilings are cracked and falling apart, the sheets feel like sand paper, the bathrooms are okay, small, but better than a bathroom you'd find at a gas station. Hallways and elevators are not air conditioned, and the waterfalls in the elevators are just stupid, moldy, dirty, and disgusting. The elevators take hours to come and go. The hotel itself is a popular spot for the locals, so you'll be finding yourself dealing with loud, obnoxious drunks going up to the roof. The roof would be a pleasant place to relax, it has great views, the pool is small but it doesn't matter when the beach is right across the street. The music is beyond loud on the roof, you can hear it blocks away, and it makes for a less then pleasant experience. If you're looking to party and don't care about the rooms, stay here, otherwise, try El Convento or the Ritz. Not worth the money we paid at all. The Water Club needs to be completely renovated and management has to deal with non-guests who take over the place.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>___Liz012
<Content>Dirty and shabby We made a last minute decision to stay here after reading positive reviews by the travel magazines, reviews here, and books. I was more disappointed in this hotel than any I have ever stayed in in over 10 trips to the Caribbean or Mexico. I cannot stress enough to avoid this hotel. No amount to hip or chic makes up for extremely small rooms and bathrooms (smaller than you would expect in New York), shabbiness and just plain dirtiness. The elevator is hot, the floor is filthy, and there is always a maid cart or room service on it running over your toes. The edges of the floor and walls are unfinished in the halls. The room is too small to do much besides lay in the bed (and we asked if they had a larger room and were told no). and the bathroom is too small for 2 people to even stand in. The ceilings are popcorn, the fitted sheets are not fitted and too small and will not cover the bed and there is no mattress pad. You will find yourself sleeping directly on a dirty, stained, sagging, and creaky mattress. The sheets are of a terrible quality anyway, but at least they hopefully wash them. The walls, bedskirt and bedspread are visibly stained in many places. We only ate at the restaurant for breakfast once, it was not good and slow. The man with the beach chairs showed up late or whenever. The pool upstairs is tiny and slimy with sunscreen or whatever else, and the whole upstairs area is rented out for private parties often, so tons of people walk through the lobby, take the slow elevator up to the pool and essentially take over the whole area from about 3 pm to 3 am every day. So no naps in your room in the afternoon, and be prepared to be woken up all through the night by endless music and drinkers. All in all, I would think a very basic chain hotel would be much preferable at least for being clean, and I can think of no reason to stay here. I shared my concerns with the staff who were unconcerned, and I would like to share them with readers as well.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	-1	3	

<Author>LittleMissTiny
<Content>Beautiful beach, relaxing stay but not close to Old San Juan We wanted a beach vacation and that is what we got at the Water Club! From the minute we arrrived, the staff was helpful and attentive. Our room was not quite ready so William, who is awesome, suggested Mi Casita, a small local place right down the street from the hotel. It was lunch time and we sampled MoFongo, which is mashed fried plaintains with garlic and topped with pork. It was delicious. Our short flight from New York was in the past as we enjoyed lunch at this little authentic restaurant. We were immediately taken with the ocean view and the gorgeous beach, which is literally steps from the hotel. Every morning, we would walk out of the hotel and be greeted by the wonderful staff and then the beach staff would set up an umbrella and chairs for us. The ocean itself was wonderful to swim in - clear, warm water, no seaweed and the ocean floor was not rocky at all. We spent alot of time in the water and walking on the beach because it was so beautiful. We had lunch at 2 separate beachfront cafes and I would recommend both. If you walk down the beach toward the el san juan hotel you will see the bar that serves lunch and you can sit at a table on the beach and look out over the ocean. We watched the sun set from there one nite with a pina colada! I would suggest the beachfront lunch places as opposed to lunch in the hotel which is expensive, although the waitress service on the beach is excellent. We ordered drinks only. The other lunch spot is set back from the beach on the small road that leads into the hotel. Its a bar and little cafe that serves salads, sandwiches, drinks, burgers. We had lunch there and each time the service was great and again you feel a great breeze since you are steps from the ocean. Breakfast in the hotel was ok. Pricey and nothing special. I really wanted some fresh fruit and it was just a mediocre fruit plate for $11. The same area where Mi Casita is, there is a bagel shop where you can have breakfast and coffee as well. Yeah, the blue lights and techno music are a little much but I never felt overwhelmed by it. The safe in our room was broken, and within 20 minutes someone had come to replace it. We reserved a partial ocen view as an upgrade and we could not have been happier. It was a great view and the bed is facing the windows which makes it lovely in the morning. You can tell they upgraded the rooms but only with trendier amenities. There was no fridge, but there was an iPod clock radio. The rooms are minimal, but the bed was comfortable. It was like they went to Ikea and decorated the rooms. At 4pm our room wasnt cleaned one day (it appeared they had just fogotten the 9th floor completely) and that was annoying. The cleanliness of the rooms is questionable but I am pickier than most. We were on the 9th floor and never really heard any of the late nite club music and dancing that others did. It rained one evening when we were going out and I thought the hotel should supply umbreallas but they didnt. You can walk to Walgreens but the area around the hotel isnt great. You really just want to be near the ocean because the ocean breeze and view are wonderful. When we stepped away one afternoon, we wanted to go right back to the beach!Restaurants we enjoyed: Raices in OSJ, Mi Casita, and Platos which is down Isla Verde Ave past the el san juan hotel. And Pikayo is inside the Museum. It was superb. We each had a chef's tasting menu and I cannot say enough about it. Our experience there was delicious, romantic and memorable. Beware of the trip into OSJ. While it is a very quaint area with many many bars and restaurants, its an $18 cab ride one way. Cabs are not cheap so try to avoid them. Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much. It was relaxing and just what we needed.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	3	4	2	

<Author>fenderdinc
<Content>Couldn't ask for anything better Me and my buddy stayed 6 nights at the hotel. From the very first minute we arrived to the morning we left the hotel staff were nothing but super friendly and exceedingly helpful. The hotel is across the street from the beach, but it was not a true street... it was the dead end of a 1 lane street so there is minimal traffic. I'd say the beach was 15 feet from the hotel. The food was very good but pricey, this is not an unsual circumstance from my experience to have expensive food in hotels. Upstairs on the roof is a great club. This would be the ideal hotel for couples an singles. Blacklights are everythwere and the hotel is very modern. Music is comstantly playing in the background. Overall i woud defintely come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>kja2007
<Content>Cool, but loud/expensive My fiance and I recently stayed at the Water Club. The staff, for themost part, was extremely friendly and strove to be helpful (especially the doormen). The space is very chic and cool, which I really liked, even if the blue lights in a lot of spaces can get to you a bit after a while.The place is extremely cool, as I said, if expensive. It has clearly been renovated pretty recently. We didn't have a chance to have dinner there, but we did have breakfast in the main restaurant, and it was excellent (again, though expensive). The cosmo I had at the bar wasn't great (especially for $14 each), but my fiance said that his specialty drink was good and was plenty strong. The beach outsideis gorgeous, as is the view from the top floor. If you want to check out the other big hotels around, it's not a bad location from which to do that - the Intercontinental, Holiday Inn, San Juan Casino Hotel, etc. are all within easy walking distance (even in heels).The biggest problems:1) Noise: We were on the 10th floor. We had a fabulous view as a result, which was great - but we also had to listen to ALL the roofdeck noise. Since they have a club space, bar, pool, etc. up there, this was no small matter. Both mornings, we had to listen to them scraping furniture around starting at 6am - and I do mean LOUDLY! It was a bit better the second morning after we said something to the front desk, but we still heard it, and it still woke us up. And this was after listening to the club music until almost 1am, preventing us from going to sleep!2) Expense: Even though we got a good AAA rate, it was still quite expensive for the small (though cool) size of the room, and given the noise issues.3) Not much to do in the immediate vicinity: The hotel only has one main restaurant and a brief sushi bar time upstairs. If you just wantto walk to other hotels, you can do that, but there isn't much past that.I would say that this hotel would be good to stay at if you sleep deeply, like cool decor, want to be right on the beach, and will be busy most of the day. It's probably not a bad base if you're seeing friends or family in the area, have business nearby, or will be taking many day trips. But this is definitely not a hotel for someonewho wants to hang out there and have enough to do in or near the hotel. I would also say that the younger adult crowd (late 20s-early 40s) would probably be most comfortable here.So... when I return to San Juan, I will definitely eat at the Water Club, but I am not planning on staying there again. Everything taken together, the good food and cool ambience just can't outweigh the drawbacks of expense, noise, and limited available activities nearby.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>katarie
<Content>Terrible location and substandard hotel I stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago and booked through a luxury hotel website. It is definitely a poor example of what a luxury hotel should be.It attempts to mimic an art deco South Beach hotel from the outside but when you walk in and closely look at everything from furnishings to design, it's completely shoddy.The bathroom was tiny and claustrophobic. It was dirty and something I'd find in a dorm. Good luck trying to put your clothes away because there was a small cabinet for hanging some clothes and no drawers. The rooftop deck bar area was o.k. with couches and a bar but the pool was simply horrible. I don't even understand the point of why a box of water they call a pool was up there?The beach in front of the hotel is just HORRIBLE! Every day I found broken glass from beer bottles and garbage in the sand. It was a very unsettling place especially when all the buildings there have barbed wire protecting their entrances. Terrible location and sub-standard accomodations.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aremson
<Content>Cheated and MIstreated Being in the $400/night range, this hotel was a disappointment. Even if it cost $100 a night, I would have been let down because it was filthy and had bad service My bathroom was filthy and poorly designed. The service was rude and lazy. The sheets were stained (I am not kidding). The blankets had multiple tears in them. The club was noisy and serving underage partyers. The management was always available to BS, but magically disappeared when it is time to accept responsibility. The hotel was run down and badly in need of restoration.This hotel is a scam. Entirely smoke and mirrors. this hotel gives the impression it will be a top shelf experience on the web but upon scratching the surface, you'll see it is trying to get as much money as possible based on its overblown location. Towels and beach chairs were missing twice when I went to the beach. The waiters in the overpriced restaurant ignored you or treated you like you were bothering them. The rooms simply weren't cleaned properly. For two people in a room, they provided one robe even after I called and complained over and over. The room I was supposed to get was not available when I got there and I was given a lesser room (view of the parking lot) and they didn't adjust the price. I mentioned it twice, they said they would adjust it, then I did auto check-out and saw they still billed me at the more expensive rate.When I brought all of these things to the managements attention, they did nothing at all. They didn't even really accept responsibility. They offered a small discount and then never gave it to me. I fought over the bill with them for weeks afterward. They never gave in. I approached the management company of the hotel - they sent me back to the manager of the Water Club.It was like a bad dream. For a hotel that charges as much as the Ritz, the experience doesn't even come close. Just stay at the Ritz - the service is great, it's right on the beach (rather than crossing the road filled with bums to get to the beach) and has a great pool (unlike the WC's crappy and tiny pool). The Water Club ruined my vacation, don't let the same thing happen to you.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAR610
<Content>I'd go back... I stayed there with my boyfriend for 3 days. The hotel is beautiful looking, smells good (think oranges and mango :) ) and the staff was EXTREMELY friendly whenever I passed them. The few problems I noticed was that there elevators are really slow, I know they were having some work done to one of them, but I read reviews before going, that said it was being worked on months before January. Also, as small of an obvservation, the room we stayed in, did not have a main ceiling light, only black light. That made it difficult to get ready for the evening in the bedrom portion of the room. Also, the bathrooms were not as modern and up to date as the rest of the hotel, which was random considering everything is very South Beach-y. Overall, it was perfect for what we needed it for - sleeping and enjoying the view from the roof top bar.I'd go back - I just hope the elevators are fixed at that point :)  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>globalconsigliari
<Content>Highly disappointing (1) This hotel had bad service - I mean bad (rude front desk, ignoring waiters, slow moving everyone except the bellhops, you nameit). (2) The hotel was in bad shape: The room had a pool of water on the floor - an actual puddle. Though they tried to make the room look hip (in the photos it looks great!), it was sparse and run-down looking. The shower was terrible. The elevator had a cool waterfall, but was moldly, rusty and cracked.(3) You could easily hear anyone making any kind of sound in the hallway / elevator bays.As for my credibility, I can be a little critical of hotels at this price range, but I generally like 80% of them. This is the worst and most disappointing hotel I have stayed at in the past 5 years. I travel a lot.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Syphrite
<Content>Awesome Weekend Getaway       view from our room  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bunchofmarkerz
<Content>Liked it I went with my friend, first time to puerto rico. We liked the Water Club, it was posh very Miami like pretty beach we had a great view from the window, close proximity to old san juan, went to senor frogs had a great time there, over all a great vacation and I would love to go back to puerto rico. Altho I wanna stay at the Conquistador over on the east caribbean side, it's all i ever heard about when we were down there and how beautiful and great it is, so ill be going there next. The water club has nice rooms, bathrooms aren't great. Nice rooftop bar. the tiny pool is worthless on top, just stick to the beach. They have staff that set up the chairs and umbrellas for you. And staff that serve you food and drinks on the beach as well. Water wasn't too rough on beach it was pretty nice, warm, clear, caribbeanish for being the atlantic ocean. We went to the bacardi factory and the fort tour, that was fun, beautiful views from the forts and going through them was a lil creepy but loved it. You might feel like ur in a bad area when staying at the Water Club, but honestly we went walking through the streets to walgreens and we were fine, i think people leave review sometimes becuase they are way to over critical, if you want 5 star service stay at the ritz carlton 5 mins down the beach, Give the Water Club a shot!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	-1	4	3	3	

<Author>kld100
<Content>It's not bad I felt like I HAD to write a review after seeing some of the other reviews prior to going. I will say at first I was very underwhelemed with the Water Club. My girflriend and I have high standards and were not that impressed. There are no amenities at all, the rooms and bathrooms are tiny, there is no pool it's just an oversized hottub on the roof, the purple lights and dark hallways are annoying, our room was below the top floor where there is a DJ til 4am and it's loud.. dont stay on te 10th floor..and the area the hotel is in is pretty rundown. OK ..however, after a day or so the hotel grew on us. The rooftop is awesome. The bar is great and it's a great place to hang out at 5pm on the couches with an incredible view. Also we liked that the beach was less crowded (minus the crowds of locals that linger there) vs the Ritz or Intercontinental..the beaches are mobbed with people.For the price, the Water Club is fine but expect very little! My recommendation.. stay at the El San Juan Hotel  Casino. By far the most interesting and happening hotel in Isle Verdes.Girls- a tip: if you're looking to pick up attractive but high caliber men in general and are picky like we are, don't go to San Juan! But 85 and sunny and beautiful beaches!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mapwhe
<Content>Not worth the price, nice location Held over in San Juan due to flight cancellation. Rates in San Juan very high however, not worth the price that I could have stayed at a different hotel. Room鈥檚 extremely noisy, slamming doors heard all night. Staff and location are nice but rooms are small and poorly constructed. Dance club on the top floor open all hours and appeared to be a very popular spot.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	4	-1	1	

<Author>yippee1999
<Content>Great location and staff, but seems to appeal to young, "hip" crowd OK, the pros.... literally on the beach. Lounge chairs, beach towels and umbrellas provided for free. Beach sand is beautiful, as is water. Staff at hotel are very knowledgeable and professional. You don't have to worry about speaking spanish as all the staff I encountered speak perfect english. Food at their restaurants was very good. Room setup was very nice, with windows that could open for fresh air (very important to me). Hotel is just off Avenida Isla Verde, a main thoroughfare within walking distance of El San Juan Hotel (good for gambling), as well as Courtyard by Marriott Hotel (good for weekend salsa dancing). There is also a gas station, Walgreen's drugstore, and a number of small restaurants and stores all near the hotel. A busstop with a bus to old San Juan (40 minute ride) is also nearby. Drive time from the hotel to Luiz Munoz airport is 5-10 minutes. VERY close.Cons... techno type music plays throughout the hotel lobby and the restaurants 24/7, at a loud enough level that they are trying to create a certain energy that I personally could do without. Those with a keen eye for detail will see that while hotel tries to have hip decor, that overall it is somewhat cheaply executed. There is also a constant pineapple scent that for some reason they like to have permeating throughout the hotel lobby. The smell is quite nauseating. Quality of the bath towels in the rooms could be better. Overall though, I think the positives outweigh the negatives, so I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

