<Author>SMSGTRETIRED
<Content>best hotel in honolulu I have stayed many times at the Reef since 1982. I have seen many changes BUT never as good as these last renovations.We had an ocean front suite that was huge. with 3 lanisthat gave you great views.There is one thing that has never changed and that is the Staff.They are the most friendly, helpful and cortiious. On a scale of 1 to 10- they are a 100!!!!!The shore bird has the best buffet breakfast in town.Trust me- being retired military , I have stayed at almost every hotel in honolulu and the REEF IS THE BEST!SMSGT D.SPAUN (retired )  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianTravellers2
<Content>Outrigger Reef is a 10 plus..an excellent beach resort property! To all traveller's considering The Outrigger Reef..you cannot go wrong..no exaggeration..everything is perfect here. Our family has been coming here since 1979 when the property was known as Cinerama Reef. Through the years we have been loyal guests..seen changes in the 80's and 90's but none as positive as now. The newly renovated property is immaculate. I had booked 2 rooms for my partner and myself and another for my parents which had their 50th wedding anniversary here , celebrated during our stay. We were graciuosly both upgraded to oceanfront rooms. In all our years of coming here we have stayed in a variety of rooms in both towers (Ocean Tower and Pacific Tower)but have never had a room category higher than oceanview ,which by the way are beautiful rooms as are the partial and cityview too. All I can say is the Oceanfront room in the OceanTower is absolutely worth it. Book this room if you wish the best directly on Waikiki Beachroom experience. Leave the balcony doors open and sleep to the sounds of the waves..wake up to the most beautiful sunrise and in the evening , when others walk to the beach to view the incredible sunsets , you just step out on your oceanfront balcony and take it all in.The property after all its renovations is 5 star. Excellent attentive service/staff , at the check in to the room attendants to dining room staff. The shops and facilities are very good. It was so refreshing to have the feeling that the staff really care about you and not just on the surface. Whenever we walked by the checkin staff looked up , waved or said hi. The same with the room attendants in the hallway, always greeted you warmly.Same with the pool attendants that give you towels..very courteous and helpful. The lounge chairs with mats on them very relaxing and the new pool and hotubs/whirlpool nice. I think the only part left to still finish renovation is the Serenity Spa and new poolside restaurant. Will look forward to these on our return.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DSGSaskatchewan
<Content>Well done! Just got back from a 2 week stay at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. Renovations were nearing completion. We had a one-bedroon oceonfront suite and was fantastic. All 3 balconies had fantastic views of the beach, Diamond Head and of course the ocean. And for anyone that loves to watch planes, ships, sailboats , sunsets and surfing this was perfect. We spent many hours on our balconies. The room was beautiful. The master bedroom was enormous with a huge ensuite. Another full-size bathroom was located just inside the foyer. The room was large with a pullout sofa, 2 chairs, desk, 2 TVs , table and chair set for 4 and a small fridge and sink. Lots of room for clothes and suitcases. Service was excellent and were treated very well by all hotel employees. The pool was just redone but if you are looking to sit in the sun all day at the pool you are out of luck. The sun didn't reach the pool until nearly noon. Other than that the pool is great. Restaurants and shopping are just steps away and the trolley system made it too easy to get to the Ala Moana Shopping Center. Food was OK at the hotel restaurant but there are so many options outside of the hotel too. The spa was not yet complete but know it will be a wonderful addition to the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ih82work
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful beach From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. We were given heated, scented towels to freshen our hands and were taken to our lovely room for check-in. We had a partial oceanview room which was mostly oceanview. The beach was beautiful, the restaurants (Shore Bird and Ocean House) were fantastic. The elevator was secure, which was reassuring. The staff was all warm and friendly. Will definitely stay at this hotel again and again!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>3376
<Content>outrigger reef, as good as others have recommanded.       view from our room  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Joni15
<Content>Absolutely Perfect!!! I don't know where to start - so I'll just say it's perfect!!! The room was gorgeous - just like the pictures. Best location on Waikiki; right on the beach - the Hilton on one side, Halekulani on the other. The staff keeps the beach well groomed - trash is always picked up, sand raked each morning. You'll notice the difference and appreciate the care they take; some of the other resorts don't do a thing in regards to the beach area. Staff at Outrigger couldn't be nicer, from reception to check-out. Housekeeping is outstanding. The two restaurants at the hotel are good; Yard House is right across the street (on Lewers) - great food, great portions - check out their HAPPY HOUR!!! Don't miss Moose McGillicuddy's; also on Lewers - but one block further from hotel. If you want to relax on the beach during the day; enjoy fine restaurants and nightlife - this is the place for you - you won't even need a car. (PJ Chang  Cheesecake Factory are nearby, not to mention GREAT shopping.)  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>The renovated Reef is a delight! My wife and I stayed for four nights for our 25th Anniversary, and were very pleased with the renovations to the Outrigger Reef. The beachfront part of the hotel is still being renovated - so it is noisy on the beach in front during the day. However, the hotel itself works well, and the excellent location both for the beach and for shopping is well worth the premium over non-beachfront properties. The staff were all polite and helpful. Food at the Shorebird is still a little greasy, but the prices are very good and the view cannot be surpassed. The pool setting is rather enclosed - but therefore good for a windy day. The towel signing out system needs to be done away with! We would highly recommend this hotel to people seeking the real Waikiki experience!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>TRSanDiego
<Content>Great Hotel!! We have stayed at this hotel for the past 6 years and the renovation to the Ocean Tower is superb!! The bathroom/vanity area are very smart and modern with a raised sink! The new furniture and 32 inch flat screen are wonderful. The Shorebird restaurant is still fun with great views of Diamond Head and the beach. We visited the lobby Starbucks every morning for coffee. We do miss the lobby Jamba Juice which was removed 2 years ago.This is a great hotel and we look forward to staying here next year.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bigshankhank
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful       The front entry  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AussieMAL
<Content>Best Location on the Beach We had two nights after an Island cruise on Pride of America. We found the hotel was a welcome relief from the cramped ship cabin. The rooms are recently renovated and we had a wonderful view of the beach, the park and the city.Beds are very comfortable and the pillows wonderful. It was so nice to have a fridge in the room to fill with your own items, no horrible mini bar, and an ice machine just down the hall. The staff were terrific, from meeting us off the tour bus, to in room check in after the greeting with a refreshing cold towel to the front desk and pool staff. I really enjoyed the pool and hot tubs (3) and the beach was just a few steps down the hall. We had dinner in the restaurant which was reasonably priced and the food was wonderful with great service.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LAXrunner
<Content>Great stay       Nice bed  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>parrothd34
<Content>Outrigger Reef great as usual       New entrance way at the Reef  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eeyore7360
<Content>Outstanding!! Just returned from 11 nights at the Outrigger Reef. From the in-room check in until our late checkout it was outstanding. All of the staff were friendly and welcoming. There is still some construction going on, but it did not interfere in our enjoyment of the hotel and it's amenities. Actually the pool reopened early during our stay so we were able to enjoy it also. The location of the hotel could not have been better. We were literally just steps from the beach and within walking distance to all the shops and restaurants on the Waikiki strip. Overall the Reef made my once in a lifetime trip to Hawaii that much more enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whiterabbitt
<Content>The Best of the rest! Gave it above average, only because the pool was under construction at the time of our stay! Otherwise it was Excellent, Friendly staff willing to go out of their way to help! The Wyndham staff trying to sell time shares was the worst part! 26 times in 7 days! Spent 11.5 hours on planes to get a time share? I think not!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Diehard_Bearfan
<Content>Currently not worth staying at! My wife, and I just arrived back from a short stay at the Outrigger Reef. While the room was very nice, and clean, for the price I would recommend a different hotel. The staff was very good at getting us checked in. The bellhops greeted us upon arrival took us, and our luggage to the front desk where they provided chilled towels to cool off with, then escorted us to our room to finalize the check in process. This is/was the biggest advantage to the hotel at the moment that I enjoyed. The next 3 days were at most average for a hotel. The staff was pleasant if approached, but would not even acknowledge you if you didn't speak to them first. The restaurants in the hotel are exceptional. There is an activities desk in both the front entrance, and the rear entrance to the hotel that the personnel that are there will yell across the lobbies to attempt to get you to view the timeshare information. I personally do not want to be bothered with solicitations in the hotel that I am paying good money to be staying at! This seems to be an accepted practice in Hawaii?! We had just come to the Outrigger from the Westin Maui Resort  Spa, and their service, and facility made this hotel look like a Motel 8! in comparison. My review on that one can be found for that hotel in the reviews. Lastly, on our final day we were not being picked up for the airport until 1:30 in the afternoon, so we requested to have an extra hour for check out, which was immediately denied because they have a lot of people arriving, and need to have the rooms cleaned. I have never been at a hotel that would not extend your check-out for atleast 1 hour? And for the hotel to say that it was booked full......the 3 days we stayed there we did not see hardly anyone in the halls of the hotel to inidicate that it was anywhere close to being booked? I would recommend staying at a hotel across the street (Sheraton) for less money, the distance to the beach is very short, and they would probably treat you like you were welcomed, and they wanted you to come back. Not like the Outrigger did.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>shasplaz
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Just had to write and say what a great hotel the Reef is. Our first trip was in 1996 and we have stayed there 7 times. We will return in June for our 50th anniversary and to renew our vows. The transformation in progress is something to behold and we can't wait to see it finished. We have only had good experiences at the Reef-staff, cleanliness,awesome restaurants,convenience to our interests. We have been there during some of the renovation and it never interferred with our enjoyment of the hotel. The staff throughout the hotel is great and we look forward to another great vacation.It really is Paradise!Sharon and Len BardfieldAloha, OR  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>love2005
<Content>Loved the Outrigger! My husband and I took our first trip to Hawaii and wow it was amazing! Since this was our first time to visit, we were not sure what to expect but thanks to the Outrigger it was the best! First of all the staff was wonderful, they go out of their way to help you and are very courteous. The room was very nice, clean, and the bed was so comfortable. The hotel is walking distance to the beach, restaurants and various stores. Overall our stay was great and I will definitely recommend the Outrigger to friends and family. Mahalo!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>12butterfly
<Content>For all the germaphobics out there, this hotel is for you...       Outrigger Reef on the beach  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>beckyharry
<Content>Great Hotel       Fabulous beach right on your doorstep!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jeffkon
<Content>Highly recommed We started our honeymoon on Waikiki beach and even though the Outrigger reef was under some construction, their hospitality and kindness made up for it. However we did have an Ocean view room which was near the construction but we asked to move to an Ocean front and they allowed us for a minor upgrade charge. Overall, I was very happy with the Outrigger, their dining, their hospitality and especially happy with the free gifts they gave us for staying there. Everything a hotel should do when you are trying to enjoy your honeymoon.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Spaceman58
<Content>Our best hotel experience in Hawaii Anyone who has been to Honolulu immediately understands what I mean when I say it is crowded and congested, very touristy, offering little in the way of tropical paradise often associated with Hawaii, and with too much traffic. My wife and I have spent some time there and concluded that we never need to spend any more time in this capitol city.One hotel has single-handedly changed our minds about Honolulu, and now we can't wait to return.We spent a couple of weeks on three Hawaiian islands in July 2008. We needed to get back to Honolulu for our last night so we could catch a 7 am flight back to the mainland, so after reviewing numerous accommodations on tripadvisor, I settled on the Outrigger Reef on the Beach (rated #16 at the time I booked). How I wish we had arranged for more than one night in this excellent hotel.First, let me say that, yes, there is major construction going on at this hotel. It was actually a little difficult to find, but once we located it, we were treated like royalty. The staff called us by name throughout our stay, and were courteous and very helpful. I can honestly say I have never encountered such as excellent staff at any hotel. They enthusiastically assisted with every request, and offered several good tips.We received a wonderful room upgrade and abolutely loved our room. Our balcony looked out on Diamond Head and the beach. The bathroom was nicely appointed and very spacious.The bell captain, a young man named Kawika, took us to our room and actually checked us in on our balcony. When I casually mentioned that our anniversary was the next day, he immediately sent up a complimentary bottle of champaign. Kawika, you are the best - thank you!The rooms have recently been updated with nice furnishings and comfortable beds. The rest of the hotel will be brought up to those standards later this year.The pool is beautifully tiled and is sandwiched between two towers, offering shade through much of the day. When we were there, Waikiki Beach was quite rocky directly outside this hotel, but that can change with the tide and the seasons. It might be fine now.The Outrigger had an excellent restaurant and shops inside. It is also extremely close to the US Army Museum of Hawaii, and across the street from Roy's Hawaiian Fusion restaurant, which provided us with our best meal on the islands.I simply cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. And it is the staff that makes it special. Once the construction ends, I expect this to be a top 10 or even top 5 Honolulu hotel on tripadvisor, and it deserves to be that high.We visited Hawaii with friends, who happened to stay at the Moana Surfrider. They were also upgraded to a suite when they checked in, but our room was better than theirs, with a better view. They visited us in our room, helped share our champaign, and were impressed with our accommodations. I can proudly say our experience at the Outrigger was better than theirs at the Surfrider.To the staff at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach, I want to say thank you. You have earned our affection and loyalty. We will return to visit for a longer stay as soon as we can.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ohsheila
<Content>The best in Waikiki! I've stayed in the Outrigger Reef before and its always great! But after the remodeling, the hotel is more beautiful than ever, there are new shops, and remodeled pool plus steps from the beach with a yummy restaurant basically on the water! Service is always the best quality. Its always clean, everything is close by, personnel are willing to do anything to make you feel welcome. The new rooms are simply AMAZING, flat screen TVs, radios with an iPod hookup, free wireless internet ..... I can go on and on ... yes they are finishing the remodeling BUT you dont even notice there is construction going on unless you are walking out of the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bellav1
<Content>Fantastic Outrigger My family took our first trip to Hawaii July 3-8, 2008. We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on Waikiki and it was absolutely fantastic. Our room was clean, bright and very comfortable and the Hotel personnel were very accomodating. They explained that there was construction going on so the front would be a little hard to enter, but it was no problem. We couldn't even hear any of the construction, unless we went out of the complex.The pool and restaurants were very clean and well kept and the service was very excellent. I would definitely come back again, also would bring my grandchildren - it was very family friendly.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lostfan1
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed at in Hawaii       From Inside My Room  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tourleaderAuckland
<Content>We loved the place! Well recommended We stayed at this hotel for 13 nights/14 days. We stayed in an ocean view room which was amazing. The partial ocean view/ocean view rooms are worth the xtra money. This hotel is literally on the beach, about 30 - 40 feet from the ocean and both the restaurants are right on the beach front. Superb location.We stayed in a twin share room which was newly decorated since the ocean tower has been completely renovated. Good size room and bathroom, nice sized balcony. Quiet rooms. Service was very good from everyone from front desk, conceirge and restaurant staff. They have a Hertz Rental Car desk at the hotel which is very handy. The Shorebird Restaurant and Ocean House restaurants have lovely food and drinks, gorgeous, gorgeous views. Both very reasonably priced.I loved that this hotel had daily activities like lei making and hula dancing which was a fun thing to do, which my daughter and I enjoyed and made our holiday all the more special.The construction noise is minimal all the main parts of the hotel have been renovated and look great, they are just finishing off the last tower. The location of the hotel is great, near the beachwalk shops and next to Fort De Russey park. Great location, great food and facilities we will always be staying at this hotel from now on and will recommend it to others. Generally accomodation is pretty expensive in Hawaii but if you are going to come all the way here you might as well spend a bit extra and stay right on the beach and it will be worth it! By the way the SOS showcase at the Outrigger Waikiki is a great evening out, buffett is nice as well.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stspragues
<Content>Reef had me at aloha What a great location. Nice large clean rooms. Awesome view from upgraded room. Comfortable bed, refer in room, staff very kind. Food was good, great bar location overlooking water as well. They currently are remodeling a tower and pooldeck but the work went on while most people were busy doing day things anyway. I will stay here again without a doubt.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Scotius2001
<Content>Best Hotel Experience yet I can't recommend the Outrigger Reef On The Beach highly enough. In spite of the remodeling construction going on, we felt we were treated like royalty and the acommodations were excellent. Upon our arrival we were upgraded from a partial ocean view room to a full ocean view room free of charge (beautiful view of Diamond head and the beach below), the doormen were always cordial, friendly and helpful and remembered us by name each time we saw them. The service was simply top notch, for me the most important part of a hotel stay. The rooms were impecably clean with a warm island charm. The atmosphere throughout the facility just oozed the Hawaiian spirit and kept us in the mood the whole trip. While not the most luxurious hotel on the block, we just loved the homey feel and the way we were treated. If that's your thing, then don't hesitate to give the Outrigger Reef a try.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hilltop82
<Content>Great time at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach The week we stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach was a great experience. The staff was extremely nice and helpful. They are remodeling, but we felt this was not a bad thing as the pool was not crowded. The pool has a shaded area to avoid the hot sun for those of us who are fair skinned! Also, there was no remodeling noise such as jackhammers. The restaurant Shore Bird at the hotel was open air and pleasant to enjoy the view of the beach while dining or having a cocktail. They have an excellent breakfast buffet as well. The room we had was very nice with a comfortable bed and pillows! We would be more than happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loveoahu
<Content>Memorable It was our honeymoon. We were greeted with a champagne bottle on our first day there. Beautiful view of Diamond Head  Wakiki Beach. Room was always clean. We had 2 balconies. Walking distance to everything. Feels like you're right above the ocean. Recommended to all!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chrissyandfox
<Content>Loved It!!!       view from the restaurant  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tina55
<Content>Glad I Read Reviews!!! We are so glad we did our homework and trusted the wonderful reviews on trip advisor. I was so confused as to where to stay but the Outrigger was spectacular. From the moment we got out of the cab to the time we checked out the service was unbelievable. I felt like I was at a 5 star hotel. Took advantage of the vow renewal ceremony which was very special and way way way above our spectations. Dinner at the Ocean House on that day with a beautiful sunset was so romantic. The construction in no way affected our stay. We were also upgraded to a full ocean view room. I can't say enough about this hotel. I hope to get back to see when all the remodeling is done and there is no question, we would definitely stay at the Outrigger Reef again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>perthwestatraveller
<Content>Great Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SDMari
<Content>Luxury Treatment and Accomodations at an Affordable Price       View from Oceanfront room 2nd floor  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobeFrost
<Content>Customer Service was Amazing!!! Aloha All, I had the distinct pleasure of going to this property on my honeymoon and was absolutely derailed by the customer service i received, immediately at check in i was greeted by a Lemon scented moist towel and a glass of lemonade. The Bellman escorted us to our room and gave us a first class tour of the room and showed us how to work everything.  We had breakfast at The ShoreBird Restaurant and it was absolutely subherb, any kind of hot breakfast food imaginable was at our delite. They had a great activities desk to help us plan out all of our activities for the week.  Finally a vacation that i didn't need a vacation from!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>max2402
<Content>Outstanding Resort - Loved the Outrigger Reef! This hotel and the transformation it has undergone is amazing. We stayed here in 2004 so were fortunate enough to see the before and after of the renovations. We arrived on an early flight from Australia and were greeted with warm smiles, a cool refreshing face towel AND a room that was ready hours before the scheduled check in time. We were personally escorted to our room and given a thorough run down of the new features that include free wireless internet and complimentary local and US Mainland calls. The room was gorgeous, it was modern but still had that Hawaiian theme you desire when staying here. Unfortunately we were unlucky enough to have been given a room right next door to, and directly opposite a very rowdy bunch of teenage boys. To say they were unbearable would be an understatement and on the 2nd night at 11:30 we hit breaking point and requested if at all possible to switch rooms. Within 10 minutes a porter was assisting us to relocate. Not only were we moved but we were given an upgrade to an oceanfront room for the remainder of our stay. We were so grateful, and cannot thank the staff enough for their hospitality understanding and assistance. Shorebird Restaurant is a must to visit. To have a meal right on the beach with a view of Diamond Head is something that cannot be missed. It is also the perfect place to end the day with a cocktail watching the gorgeous sunset. The pool area is wonderful with 3 hot tubs and a great sized pool, and the complimentary mint and lemon water to cool you down was also a nice touch. The Resort is located close enough to be able to walk to the main hub of Waikiki but far enough away to avoid the crowd if desired. We cannot rate this resort highly enough and although we stayed during the renovations it didn鈥檛 affect our stay at all so don鈥檛 let them put you off. Besides you can currently take advantage of some great discounted accommodation as a result. We enjoyed our stay so much that we have already booked our return trip for next year.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Salisbel
<Content>Loved it, very modern This hotel had one one the most beautiful rooms I have ever stayed in. Go to their website and look at the phoots and it really does look like that. We were greeting at the curb where the bellman took our bags for us. We were then escorted to the front desk where they handed us cool towels, leis and a flower to wear in my hair. Then someone personally walked us to our room and showed us all of the features and amenities as well as gave us dining advice for that evening. When he was done with that he brought all of our bags into the room for us. The bed was large and comfortable and all of the furnishings were modern, yet still maintained that hawaiin atmosphere. Our balcony looked out into the courtyard with the pool below and to the right was the beach with a great view of the Pacific. This hotel was still undergoing renovations while we were there but it did not hinder or disturb us in any way. Beach access is right on the property and they provide fresh water showers to rinse the sand off. Great location, beautiful room, outstanding customer service.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Sidneylouise
<Content>Would definitly return to the Outrigger Reef The whole experience at this hotel was awesome for our whole family. I was a little concerned when I found out the hotel was under renovation. As soon as we arrived, those concens were put to rest. The renovations did not effect our comfort or enjoyment at all. The staff was extremely helpful answering all of our questions and in giving very simple and accurate directions to all of the attractions on the Island. Our room and especially the beds, were very comfortable. Wonderful big closet that we also used as a dressing room. The room as neat as a pin when we returned each day. Just a few steps and we were on the beach. The two restraunts in the hotel were excellent. Our daughters, ages 9 and 16, enjoyed the large pool when we were not on the beach. Security was not a concern since the elevator would not operate without a room key. A safe in the room kept our valuables locked up when we were on the beach. I cannot think of one negative thing to say about the Outrigger Reef. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gruvtrtl2
<Content>Perfect start to a Hawaii dream trip...       Our balcony and the view of Diamond Head  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beamjane
<Content>Book Em Danno Would never stay anywhere else. The place is awesome! I had tears in my eyes when we checked out! Service is superb!The Shorebird is excellent. Book it!Jane Beam Johnson  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blessed11
<Content>Fabulous experience! I brought my 13 year granddaughter to Hawaii for a week as a special one on one time together. We had been looking forward to this trip for several years.The Outrigger Reef on the Beach provided the perfect stay for us. The entire staff was so pleasant and helpful starting with Peter who checked us in. The Shorebird and Ocean House restaurants were outstanding in every way. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet, the lunch menu and especially cooking our meal on the barbeque grill! That is a fun idea.The pool is absolutely beautiful. Only wished the sun wasn't shaded so early in the day by the buildings.The women working in the gift shop were very helpful and pleasant.The beach services located directly out in front of the Shorebird resturant were fantastic and a great addition to the Hotel. We rode on the Outrigger Canoe and took surfing lessons. Kenny is absolutely wonderful! I wish I could remember the names of the other three, two men and one gal, who went out of their way to be sure we had a fun experience. I started out the surfing lesson with an upset stomach and when I actually got sick a long way from shore, I was brought in and so well taken care of. I appreicated it so much! I will stay here again and will recommend it to my friends. Thank you for making our trip such a fun memory!Peggy NielsenSeattle, WA  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gorams
<Content>Great Value, Service and Beach Had a wonderful stay. Our room category was partial ocean view. I have stayed at other hotels with partial ocean views and this one had a great view of the ocean. I was able to get up in the morning and see the surfers from my balcony. The property is on the beach, so needless to say, a short stroll from the elevator and you are on the beach. There are vendors that rent chairs, umbrella's, and water toys. The Shore Bird is a great value for breakfast. I have been to the island several times and they offer a buffet breakfast for $12.95. This is a great value considering some hotels charge up to $32.00 for breakfast. The hotel's pool is open and there is still construction at the property. For the value and location the construction was not a bother to me. Several restaraunts are within walking distance if you don't want to take advantage of the hotel restaraunts. The hotel offers transfers to and from the airport, the aloha stadium - I bought my transfers from a tour operator before hand and was disappointed to see that the hotel offered them at a lower rate, they also have a tour desk. Enjoyed my stay and am looking forward to a return visit.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sashab4
<Content>Loved the Outrigger I just want to say thanks to everyone that write on this site. It was very helpful.Where do I begin. Well, let me just say that I have a great time at the Outrigger. It was a very nice, clean hotel. I didn' have any problems at all. The location was the best. It was in walking distance to all the major stores and resturant. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The activity desk was very knowledgeable about the activities that you can do. We loved Dukes Resturant. The only thing that I didn't like was the birds that walked freely around the resturant. If you can, upgrade to an Ocean Front Room!!!! We were in room 711. The hotel was remodeling, but it wasn't a bother at all. I never head anything while staying there. I like that the hotel was offer free vows renewal which we did. We were there for our 2nd anniversary. It was free so we did it. It was nine couples all together. It was a couple who got married just 2 days ago. I can go on and on about the Outrigger, but I will end it here. Just go and have fun!!!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>casinocassie
<Content>Just Beautiful This hotel is being renovated and was just beautiful. The construction is kept to a minimum as to effect your stay. The rooms are lovely and the Shorebird cannot be beat. for scenery and their Lava Flows. Vow renewal ceremony was way more than I ever expected. Great location to walk to most of downtown Honolulu. Beach has a beautiful view of Diamond Head. You won't go wrong staying here as we just loved it. Everyone is so nice and helpful and you are located near the bus stop for going to places too far to walk. I highly recommend this hotel and I am hoping we get to go back sometime in the near future. Full of island spirit and Aloha.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sun08Canby
<Content>Great "New" Outrigger Reef on the Beach Just returned from a great week at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. The property is still being renovated so it is stillpretty noisy at the pool durning the day you might want to take along an I-pod to block out the construction noise.The service given by the staff is incredible, they called us by our names as if we had been there 10 times before. Each time we picked up our car to go site seeing we were greeted by great people, we received directions,weather report, places to stay away from due to road construction and two water bottles. The new rooms are magnificent, new beds and pillowsgreat colors, big rooms. Very first time I can say that I slept in a bedthat felt good with great pillows just like home! We loved it!!Housekeeping does a wonderful job, would like to have brought them home with us. Shore BIrd resturant is great and rightthere on the beach so you can see the sunset during dinner.They even have a place to get your boarding passes for yourtrip home if you fly Hawaiian Air, so no standing in line at the airport. Good Job guys!!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Casen
<Content>The good, the bad and the beautiful! Stayed at the Outrigger Reef for 5 nights. Upon check-in the front desk guy,Rey, was very rude and unhelpful. He was very submissive and not at all friendly or reflecting the aloha spirt of the islands. But alas we were tired and stayed. We were to be in 2 adjoining rooms so I may assist my disabled mother as needed. Rey, in all his infinate wisdom, put us in 2 rooms that were side by side only in the fact that they had adjoining walls. To get to her room I would have to walk around the corner in the hallway, which would have been no use to me in an emergency. But as I said we setteled and decided that we would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Then came the really bad part. As I was sitting at the desk in the room a maid opened the door WITHOUT even knocking and strolled in like she owned the place. She stated that This room is susposed to be empty. I forgot to put something in here. She then threw a bar of soap on the floor and walked out. This was the final straw. I stormed to the front desk and DEMANDED to speek to a manager. But of course he was in a meeting and could not be disturbed.(For a paying guest?Hmmmmm) Anyway, after arguing with the wonderful Rey another lady at the desk (Flo) stepped up and bassiclly shut Rey out of the problem. She apoligized deeply for the problems. She also graciously upgraded our rooms from partial ocean view to full ocean view with a connecting door so I could asist mom as needed. So after that fiasco it was not that bad of a stay and the rest of the stay was uninventful. So I do recommend this hotel to you all but I advise you to proceed with caution when dealing with the front desk at check in. Also do be aware that as of this writing the entire front of the hotel that faces the street is under construction so from what I was told from other guests is a tad noisy.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Martha31
<Content>Outrigger Reef on the Beach - Great! Stunning redecorated rooms in the ocean tower. Lots of attention to detail. Lobby is lovely, tho entrance driveway was under reconstruction. The Shore Bird restaurant on the beach was great for dinner. Had Filet Mignon two nights in a row....melted in my mouth! It's a cook it yourself dinner, but chef is on hand to do it for you, if you want. Location across from the new BeachWalk is prime. Some construction noise, but to be expected since their rates are lower due to the renovation process. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flydrive&fun
<Content>Such attention to detail! After spending months reading reviews of the many, many hotels on the Waikiki Beach strip, we decided on the Outrigger Reef on the Beach because of the location right on the beach. We booked an ocean view room through one of the airline travel agencies, kind of hoped for an upgrade to a ocean front room, but the brand new ocean view room we were assigned was absolutely wonderful. We were on the end (1003) so our balcony was quite large. We overlooked the ocean on the right, the koi pond and the pool below, and overlooked other hotel areas and beyond to the left. Our stay included the daily breakfast buffet at the Shorebird - what could be better, a wonderful brunch open air at the beach!The first morning after our arrival we participated in the vow renewal ceremony on the beach that the hotel offers - free of charge. We had pre-arranged this. It was well beyond any expectation that we had! The ceremony was so full of Hawaiian tradition. Everything was explained as we went along, and it was truly a memorable occasion. The hotel allows a freelance photographer to shoot pictures at the ceremony, and your purchase is optional. This is done only as a courtesy - they in no way make you feel obligated. We did purchase the disc he offered, and are very happy with the many, many photos that were taken. Following the early ceremony we had breakfast at the Shorebird. Although it is buffet they do, of course, have table attendants. One of the waitstaff asked us about our number of years together, and he remembered us each morning that we came in. This made us feel so welcome. Everyone on the concierge staff, the valet and bell staff were beyond helpful. The in-room check in process after the long travel was such a welcome surprise. The morning we were ready to drive our rental to Pearl Harbor, the valet gave us tips how to avoid rush hour traffic on the drive. The view of Diamondhead from the beach right outside our hotel was priceless. All in all, the Outrigger Reef on the Beach was the perfect choice!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Waianaetutu
<Content>Remodeled Hotel is Great! Stayed this week-end at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach in Waikiki and had a wonderful experience! Arrived by car from Waianae where we live and were greeted by friendly local parking attendants who paged the bell-hop to come greet us. We were taken directly to our room and registered there - a nice and convenient twist. Our bell-hop provided a thorough review of the amenities of the room pointing out all the freebies and conveniences such as the Ipod station and internet hook-up, free water, etc. The view was wonderful - looking right out at the ocean and diamond head. The reception staff and concierge were helpful with our questions - the display of Herb K. Kane's art behind the main desk was the most impressive display of local art I've seen in any of the many Hawaiian hotels I've visited. We were treated with warmth and aloha throughout the hotel - it was truly a Hawaiian experience!!! Loved it!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jparks2007
<Content>Beautiful room and superb service For the last two days of my family's stay in Hawaii we stayed at an oceanfront room at the Outrigger on the Reef. The hotel room was exquisite and had superb extras like being able to call to the mainland for free. Even though we didn't spent much time in oor room, the room was newly and pleasantly appointed. The small lanai off the room was just right for enjoying a late night cocktail or an in room breakfast.The hotel staff was terrific from the bellmen, the valet parking staff, the front desk staff and restaurant employees. Everyone was pleasant, quick to answer any questions you had and always smiles on their faces.I really was pleased to find out the hotel had a Hawaiian Airlines kiosk downstairs in their business center . We were able to check in the morning we left. This made the line at the airport exceptionally quick as all we had to do was drop off our luggage and show our boarding passes at the Hawaiian Air luggage drop.There's alot of construction going on in front of and across the street from the hotel, but the only time the noise was really noticeable was when you were at the hotel entrance or on the beach. Part of the construction is going on at the hotel itself; the other construction is the 463 for sale, fee simple condos being built across the street....by Donald Trump.The only drawbacks, and these are of no fault of the hotel, were the rude individuals staying in the rooms nearby who allowed their hotel room doors to repeatedly slam shut at 5 am.The other drawback were the individuals who stood out on their lanai's (even though the state laws/hotel rules are written clearly in each room) smoking cigarettes. The hotel's policy/Hawaiian state law note that public spaces (hotel rooms included) and on the hotel website, that smoking in the hotel rooms and lanai's is strictly prohibited. Apparently there are some hotel guests who cannot read or think they're above it all and have the right to stink some of us out while we try tto enjoy time at the hotel, on the lanai.Overall the Outrigger on the Reef was an excellent hotel and one in which I would gladly stay again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hibiscusflwr
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Reef We stayed 5 nights at this hotel and loved it. We had a king room, it did not have a nice view...but we were never in the room except to sleep. The bed was HUGE (bigger than a normal king). The bathroom vanity area was great. It had a lighted make-up mirror that came in handy. It was tastefully decorated and didn't feel too hotel-ish.There was construction going on, but it was very well-managed. When you were laying on the beach, you couldn't hear a thing. If you were laying by the pool, it was very prominent. The pool/hot tub were very nice. Two more hot tubs were being built while we were there. They had a server taking drink and food orders by the pool. The beach was right there on the property. You could look at Diamond Head while you sunned yourself. They had surfboard, catamaran, chair, umbrella rentals right on the property. We ate at the Shore Bird restaurant at the hotel. I ate THE freshest mahi I had ever had... They have these grills set up and you grill your own meat with a salad/side bar that was good, too.The staff was excellent and accommodating, but we really didn't need much. We used the Activity Coordinator to book most of our excursions.We felt we got a great deal for our money compared to other hotels on Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>bz_momOf3
<Content>Excellent This hotel was absolutely amazing!!! We stayed in an ocean front room and the view was spectacular. We had two balconies to enjoy the beach view. The room was spotless, room service was offered everyday with macademia nuts on the crisp sheets that were on the bed. Contemporary style, and we also had a fridge as well as FREE internet access (and at high speed, might I add). The restuarant downstairs had a wonderful buffet breakfast(consisting of portugese sausage, eggs, rice, poi, papaya, grapefruit, juices, coffee, etc) which my family and I enjoyed everyday. The beach was downstairs so we really didn't have to leave the hotel property. We slept with the sliding doors open and the breeze from the ocean was perfect; natural A/C at night. My daughter and I also participated in FREE lei making and hula classes downstairs, which was offered to guests at the hotel. The only complaint: noisy people downstairs on the beach after a night at the bar. I could hear them from my room. This, of course, cannot be controlled. It's not the hotel's fault, but otherwise, this hotel was absolutely beautiful and I highly recommend it. I've stayed in many hotels, but this has got to be the best, hands down (at least if you have the ocean front room). In short, it was EXCELLENT!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kinderteacher4
<Content>Nice hotel on the Water This was a very nice hotel. Our room was a little small. The hotel staff was very friendly. The restaurant was nice, but at one of the restauraunts you have to cook your own steak. We went to the hotel bar and listened to live music which was awesome! The other restaurant is good, but pricey. The pool and beach area are great. The hotel is close to a lot of other hotels. There is a lot to do: surfing, eating, shopping, snorkeling, hiking, etc. It has a nice view of Diamond head. The only problem I had was when we got back I found that I was charged twice for a dinner cruise through the hotel. The customer service I received was awful. It took a several days to get my money back.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>sweethomechitown
<Content>Gorgeous room Our room here was so awesome, I was sorry we weren鈥檛 staying longer. When we checked in, they gave us a complimentary upgrade to an ocean front room (instead of ocean-view). The view was unbelievably gorgeous鈥攜ou open the door to the lanai, and all you see is ocean. The room was brand-spanking new with a beautiful vessel sink separate from the shower and toilet area. Our corner room actually had 2 lanais, so we opened both doors for refreshing ocean cross-breeze. The staff here, from front desk to bellman to concierge, was unfailingly helpful and friendly, plenty of aloha. There is a full-service Starbucks in the lobby. They are currently doing construction so the front of the hotel is nothing to look at and their pool is closed, but both of these things did not matter to us at all. Would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Big_C_60
<Content>Will Visit Again Remodeled room (without a view) was lovely. Did not spend much time in room, so the no view was not a problem for us. Everyone went out of their way to accommodate any request we had. Shore Bird resturant had great breakfast buffet and was perfect for night cap. We will go again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sjohnson682
<Content>Very bad customer service We went for a girls weekend. We were never told the outrigger had construction going on and were never told about a pool not working. When we spoke to the managers we were treated so poorly. They had no respect for us. We went to both the outriggers in Waikiki and were never once treated well by a manager. The other staff members were okay. There is so much construction in this whole town. If you are thinking of going anywhere-call first to see that your hotel is not under construction and that none near you are. I thought when booking through a travel website it would tell you- but we never got anything.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>travelinthesummer
<Content>Oceanfront Room Amazing We upgrated to a newly remolded oceanfront room and I must say that this is the way to go!! Everything was clean and new, and the beds were very comfortable. Right on Waikiki Beach!! In the perfect location. Housekeeping staff are also very friendly and helpful. There is a Starbucks and a Jamba Juice in the lobby, and it is within walking distance of great restaurants and shopping. There was also a nice pool and hot tub. Amazing experience.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>polarspeech
<Content>Best spot on the beach Just returned from my third stay at the Outrigger Reef (first in '04). This trip there I was a bit worried about their construction but couldn't pass up the deal on the room (stay five pay 4) and the food voucher ($100 at some great restaurants nearby). With the deal, I booked an ocean front room- awesome view! We were just above the restaurant but the room was nice and quiet once we closed the lanai doors. The remodel looks wonderful.No room service right now but there is always some place to eat near the hotel.With construction, all the great shops they usually have are still being built-they have an art shop and the general store right nowThis is why I keep going back:1) great service2) great location3) walk right out the back of the hotel to the beach4) walk right out the front of the hotel to downtown/shops5) Starbucks right in the lobby6) fitness center  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>edboogie
<Content>remodeled part great. My wife and I got into Oahu 1 day earlier than expected and decided to stay here before moving to the Outrigger Regency on Beachwalk. We booked a partial ocean view room and got room 711.The room was absolutely fantastic. It looked like we were the first ones to stay in the room. Every single inch has been redone. The shower and toilet were in a seperate room and all new. Outside was a huge vanity area that had a referig and a partial wall that seperated the bath area from the bedroom area, and the wall had wood louvers that you could open and close. The king sized bed was spectacular and comfortable. There was a chaise lounger that actually opened up to a bed. There also was a table, desk, and 2 chairs. The balcony had 2 sliding doors, but no screen. The view was fantastic.We enjoyed our spacious room so much we cancelled our second stay at the Outrigger Regency Beachwalk and booked a full ocean view room. We were not as excited with our second room.We were given a room on the 10th floor, the very top. The elevators only go up to the 9th floor, but there is a service elevator around the corner that goes up to a landing between the 9th and 10th floor. You then have to take a half flight of stairs up to the 10th floor. No problem. Our room was 1010. This room was EXTREMELY narrow. Where the other room had the spaciousness, especially in the bath area, this room was tight and cramped. We were told this was the trade off in getting an ocean view room.This room had 2 twin beds with just barely enough space between the ends of the beds and the dresser to walk by. The bathroom vanity was against the wall where the louvers were in the other room and a small closet was to the side. The shower/toilet was the same. This room also had the 2 sliding doors with no screens, but the balcony on this floor was twice as deep as the other room. It had a full size table and 4 chairs on it. The other only had 2 chairs and a small table. The view of Diamond Head from the 10th floor was amazing. There was a desk with 1 chair. The second chair was up against the wall by the bed. There was no table or place to sit at besides on a bed.The view of the pool construciton was not so amazing. In order to compensate, Outrigger is offering a $100 dining voucher for stays of 3 nights or longer. We were told that since we had a discounted rate on our room (for 4 nights) we could not have the voucher. I overheard the person next to me checking in being discouraged from trying to use it, or even take it with him. This really rubbed me the wrong way. Also, only valet parking is available for $25/day. The valet guys were great, but I didnt like not having access to my car.We did use a courtesy room in the old, old tower after we checked out and that worked out great. The internet did not work in our first room but did in the second. It was via cable, but was free.The parts of this place that have been redone are fantastic. There is alot of contruction going on around: the pool area, the tower next to the one that is done, the reception area, stores inside the building. the Ocean House is an absolute fantastic place for a romantic dinner. It is expensive, but the food is out of this world. The kind of place a $100 dining voucher would REALLY come in handy.We enjoyed our stay, and the construction noise was not too intrusive. Next time I dnot know if we will pay for the upgrade to the full ocean view room, based on the smaller size.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>GulliverMN
<Content>Outstanding! Stayed 6 nights. Room was upgraded (8th floor) due to remodeling and was excellent. Location is great with a Starbucks at the entrance to start your day. The staff were professional and courteous. We will be returning to this hotel and I recommend it highly. Pool was closed but we received vouchers for the Outrigger and other nearby restaurants which was a very good deal. Looking forward to our return.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetset007
<Content>Don't waste your time or money at Serenity Spa My cousin and I booked the Pure Bliss spa package at the Serenity Spa at the Outrigger Reef for the week of 1/23/08. Unfortunately, the spa is very outdated and primarily offers services and no day spa relaxation, sauna or spa tub. The WORST part of the 3.5 hour spa visit, was the construction noise just outside - as the hotel is going through renovations. Of course, no one mentioned that critical topic when we made our spa appointments, so we were unable to cancel by the time we arrived. There was absolutely no serenity in our spa experience at this particular spa at the Outrigger Reef in Waikiki. It was a total waste of a half day and $300 each.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmsbro
<Content>outstanding We booked city view, When we got to the hotel we were asked what brought us to Hawaii. We explained it was our 30th wedding anniversarie, at which time the conseierge went into the computer and put us on the 12th floor with an ocean veiw. We were with another couple and gave them a room next to ours. This was 2 years ago and I still cannot stop telling people about this hotel. The hotel people treated us like gold. My wife and I cannot wait to go back to paradise.  Don and Camille Matthews Plainfield Connecticutemail kmsbro@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ontheroadlots
<Content>Great spot, shame about the noisy aircon The hotel is in a great location, right on the beach, and above the famous Shorebird restaurant - a great place to enjoy a BBQ steak and karaoke.The hotel is currently undergoing renovations, and by all accounts will have a more up-to-date entrance and lobby area on completion. The renovations presented a slight inconvenience, however the friendly staff compensated the best they could, and apart from the hotel looking pretty shabby on arrival, there was no real impediment caused by the construction work.However, one detail pretty much ruined the experience - the noisy airconditioning system in our room on the 10th floor (the penthouse level)! No matter the setting, the noise is unbearable in the early morning hours (3-6am) - and sounds like a noisy water pipe similar to a toilet cistern filling! In all fairness to the hotel, our teenage kids reported their room (same floor, but not adjacent) didn't appear to be as noisy.Of course, the noise was only really an issue and noticeable during the night, so when maintenance came to take a look during the day, they didn't find or do anything to fix the problem.In short - bring your ear plugs if you want to sleep!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>lisampls
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay at the Outrigger Reef!       Veiw from beach - towards Diamond Head  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anonamit
<Content>Great Hospitality Awesome location Easily the best hospitality I have ever seen. Very nice and courteous staff and the best location you can find. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view room on the penthouse. The construction is a world away and was not disturbing at all. The hotel is right on the beach and has nice restaurants on site. On the last day they stored our luggage and also gave us access to a hospitality room for 30 mins to take a shower and freshen up for no extra charge.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Happy travelor13
<Content>We loved our view of the beach       Another view from room  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Katieka
<Content>Best Hotel This was a fabulous hotel. Perfect location. You can walk out the back door and you鈥檙e on the sand. The rooms are modern, large, very nice, and very comfortable. I understood that everyone checking in received the new rooms. I was surprised to note that someone did not. We were upgraded to a partial view which was outstanding. This was the best beach as it was not as crowded as others. The hotel was under construction but you really did not notice. I would highly recommend this hotel. The staff were excellent.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bunnybeetle
<Content>Wonderful Staff and Hotel This was our 5th trip to Honolulu. This Hotel even with remodeling in progress was WONDERFUL!!!! The rooms are extremely clean, fresh. The 2 resturants were great especially the Shore Bird. You pick your cut of steak chicken or lobster and you go to huge grilling station and season and grill your own main course,then go to salad bar for veggies, salad fruit, soup, bread, rolls hot pasta and much more. Prices great! The staff is unbelievable, the housekeeping knows who you are and greets you if they see you in the hall. The guys in front of the hotel greet you immediately and handle your luggage with great care, they are very helpful getting your car if parked or hailing a cab or calling for a shuttle. They were all friendly and ready to helpwith anything. This is a great place to stay...take 3 steps out of the hotel and you are on the beach..not to mention sitting in the Shore Bird resturant and having it all open and viewing Diamond Head as you dine,,,,this is a great Hotel!! Will go back and stay here if we ever go back. USE THIS HOTEL  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelinChik
<Content>Great place to visit! We stayed in the Outrigger Reef on the Beach in Waikiki. It was ON the beach, reasonable, clean and relaxing. It rained one day for a few minutes and everyone left the beach. We didn't because our thought was we're on a beach in Hawaii, who cares if it's raining!. Hawaii is a great place with friendly people. I would go back in a heartbeat (if only the flight was shorter).  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bourdain
<Content>Not Much of Ohana Luckily Hawaii brought me peace and tranquility, whereas the hotel did not.The hotel itself is very dated (70's), dingy (old and greasy bathroom tiles), and dirty (worn-out bedspread and carpeting); I did not feel comfortable or relaxed in the room. But I heard that construction is on the horizon, so hopefully there's improvement.The front counter staff were not very helpful. After seeing the condition of my room, I requested for another one. The staff member looked annoyed at my request and rejected it. However, the housekeeping staff was very friendly and professional.Location was awesome, especially when it's right on the beach. Many of the tourist attractions (mainly shopping) is within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Beeshto
<Content>Excellent Location I loved this place. The area location is fantastic and all rooms are excellent.Norm the bar manager was a gent as was Vanessa, Mitch, John and the others.I really loved it and they did all they could when I explained that it was an unfortunate period of my life. Not too depressing but I was able to chill with a few cold ones at nite. I only had one hiccup where I forgot to pay the bar tab one time due to exhaustion...... But I did settle and more!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eve24
<Content>Loved the Outrigger! We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach for 4 nights from Oct. 19-23, 2007 for our first trip to Honolulu. We paid for a city view and were upgraded to a partial ocean view. Our room rate of $169 included free daily breakfast and parking(normally $25/day). It was a great deal especially since this hotel is right on Waikiki Beach. The hotel is also close to many shops and restaurants. The newly renovated rooms and balconies were gorgeous! The staff were very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed using the fitness center which had a good selection of equipment and weights. There is a Starbucks and Jamba Juice conveniently located in the lobby. In the basement level, there is a kiosk to print boarding passes for Hawaiian Airlines(HA) which was perfect since we were flying to Kauai via HA from Honolulu. There is also a laundry room for guests on the premises. The breakfast buffet at the Shorebird was good but I did not like the coffee. We enjoyed meals at Roys(across the street), the Yardhouse( 2 blocks away at the Beach Walk) and Duke's Canoe Club (at the Outrigger Waikiki Hotel- a 10 minute walk away). We rented a car for a couple of days and drove to Diamond Head and Pearl Harbor. Overall, we enjoyed our stay in Honolulu and at the Outrigger Reef.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lotstravel
<Content>Excellent hotel       we saw a rainbow every day  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aloha_Eric
<Content>Newly renovated, staff went out of their way to fix Expedia's mistake We stayed at this hotel in the Ocean tower during September 2007. Although the lobby was under renovation at the time, we were never disturbed by noise or dirt. The rooms were beautiful as they had just been renovated and everything was like new. The bathroom was huge, the beds comfortable and we enjoyed the LCD tv. I booked the hotel on Expedia because there was a Hotel Promotion - Buffet Breakfast Included Daily. After I booked I contacted Expedia to ensure the breakfast was included as advertised as it was not explicitly mentioned in my booking confirmation. Expedia denied that the offer included Breakfast and finally after several emails and calls and even showing them the screenshot where it said breakfast included they said it would be included. When I got to the hotel they claimed it wasn't included and that Expedia was wrong, but as a testament to their service they included it for free. Breakfast buffet at the Shorebird restaurant fronting the beach was fantastic to say the least. I was very happy with the staff at the Outrigger in resolving Expedia's messup. I would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TerryMyrtleBeachSC
<Content>Outrigger Reef on the Beach/Oahu My mother and I spent a week in Oahu September 14th thru the 20th 2007. The weather was beautiful. This was our second trip. We went 2 years ago. We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach both times. The first time we had a standard room and were upgraded to partial ocean view at no additional charge. This time we had partial ocean view and were upgraded to ocean view with a beautiful view of Diamond Head. The hotel is remodeling and some of the reviews I read had me concerned. The back of the hotel is finished and they are working on the front. I can honestly say none of the construction was a bother. Our room was a brand new remodeled room in Ocean Tower and the hotel is beautiful. I was impressed 2 years ago and even more impressed this time and didn't think that was possible. The staff could not be friendlier. When we came back from our tour and walked by the front desk they would stop working and speak to you. I lost my jacket and 2 days later one of the ladies working at the front desk stopped me to see if I had found it. I could not believe with all the people they see everyday she would even remember. I did find my jacket at the restaurant. The waitress went looking for it and found it in lost and found. We ate at the Shore Bird Restaurant in the hotel and food was excellent. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner and all 3 were great. You could get buffet or order off the menu for lunch. The restaurant overlooks the ocean with a beautiful view and breeze. Everyone there was very friendly. I would not hesitate to return to this hotel the next time I visit Oahu. I could not imagine wanting to stay any place else.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>high-roller711
<Content>We fell in love with Hawaii Our family group of 8 ages 9-69 stayed at this hotel for 10 days.We were a little scared from reading some of the reviews about the noise from construction and the out dated decor in rooms but this is not what we found. Our room was on the 8th floor with ocean view and completely remodeled! The maid and turn down service was first class our room was very, very clean.Front desk and Valet staff were helpful with any questions we had. The construction did not affect us at all.There are free lessons for kids at the hotel how to play the ukulele, make a lei also do the hula!We enjoyed eating at the Shorebird located in the hotel facing the beach,Roy's across the street from the hotel and Duke's(EXCELLENT) you'll need a cab to get there.If you have a chance to go to the Cultural Center I highly recommend it. We had cousin John as our tour guide he was fabulous and the Laua was the best we'd ever seen.We can't wait to go back!!!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AccidentalTourist45
<Content>Our favorite place to stay on Waikiki Beech We love this hotel. They have not yet completed the renovation, but the available rooms are all complete. Everything in the room was new, the room was beautifully furnished, 32 inch HD TV, free internet access in rooms, (Ethernet cable) free local  long distance calls (to USA). The bathroom was all new and well appointed.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The Shore Bird restaurant is also one of our favorites. The hotel is located on the beech just walk outside and you are at Waikiki Beech. (Stayed from 9-8 to 9-162007)Jim  SueFlorence, KY  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmbland682
<Content>Love this hotel! i was a little worried coming here after reading some of the reviews. a lot of old picures are posted by travelers which show this place as a dingy, old, rundown hotel. this is absolutely not the case! pay NO attention to the candid traveler pictures that are over 2 months old! the rooms are all brand new. the old rooms are located in the other tower (there are 2) and that tower is shut down for renovations. every room is BRAND NEW and wonderful! grantie countertops and flat screen tvs are some of the amenities!! this hotel is absolutely the best value for your money in hawaii! we were even upgraded to an ocean view room and given free breakfast for our entire stay! staff were very nice. the hotel is right on the beach- keep this in mind as MANY hotels in waikiki are not on or near the beach. the pool area and lobby are being renovated right now, but who cares! the awesome rooms more than make up for this! the room truly looks like that of a much fancier hotel like the W, if not better! i would DEFINITELY come back here! theres also a starbucks and jamba juice right in the lobby which is very convenient. close to everything in waikiki including shopping and great restaurants  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sherrimc
<Content>Beautiful hotel - loved it!       nice tv in room  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>randyccci
<Content>Great Hotel Experience       Picture from our room  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RawwDogg
<Content>Right on the beach!!! The hotel is located right on the beach, you walk out the back of the hotel and you are on the beach. That is fantastic! The 3 restaurants in the hotel are decent, nothing special about them. The staff is very helpful in booking excursions and such. The room we were given had a nice ocean view and was large and clean.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Aloha52153
<Content>I love the place, especially the view.       View from Outrigger Reef  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>skis0504
<Content>Fantastic stay in the Outrigger Reef on the beach Disappointing arrival as the first thing we saw was boardings to hide building work but although this was at the front of the hotel it did not continue through too far. We were upgraded to a front ocean view on the 9th floor and the room was fantastic, the views were unbelieveable. From the balcony we could look out to Diamond Head and at approx 6pm every night we watched two huge turtles swim in the ocean directly in front of the hotel. We cannot praise the stafrf at this hotel too highly, nothing was a problem to them. Every member of staff greeted you with a smile and went out of their way to ensure your stay in their hotel was as good as could be. This holiday to Oahu was supposed to be a once in a lifetime trip to celebrate our silver wedding but we most certainly will be back and will definitely be staying in the Outrigger Reef on the beach. Thank you to all the staff working in the hotel for making our stay magical. From Marlyn and Francis Milligan, Kilmarnock, Scotland  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EnglishMike998
<Content>Quit Your Moaning We went back to the Outrigger Reef for the second year and were a little concerned by some of the reviews we read about construction going on in the area. The good news is that the rooms in the tower that have been renovated are far superior to the old rooms and are extremely well decorated and maintained - a 1000% improvement over the older rooms. yes there is construction going on at the hotel and because of this the lobby is not as nice as it used to be or will be in the future so if you seek perfection do not stay here. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms were cleaned efficiently and before noon every day. the pool is surrounded by some of the construction and I guess my message to folks would be why go the pool in Hawaii? the beach is close by although as many folks have complained, it is a little bit rocky - boo hoo - walk 200 yards and be on the beautiful sandy beach that fronts the royal hawaiin.Both restaurants are still operational, the shorebird is a little bit funky with the cook your own entree but the price is reasonable and it can be fun. the Ocean house is really good and my meal there which was ordered different to the entree on the menu was served exactly as ordered and very quickly by a very personable and efficient server.Overall if you want to avoid a big city feel (trump hotel is going up directly opposite) stay away from Oahu in general - this area has lots of older hotels that quite rightly are being upgraded. If you want the joy of rolling out of bed and stepping into the sand a couple of minutes later - this is a great place - we will certainly be back!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sarahlouise55
<Content>Rave Reviews for The Reef On the Beach we stayed for 4 days at the Outrigger Reef and loved it. we had a partial sea view room that was huge!! Our room was spotless and had all the comforts you need (dressing table, shower, hairdryer, tv, safe and balcony with furniture) the hotel is open plan with no windows or doors and it had such a lovely relaxed feel. Check in was quick and we were upgraded because we were away for our wedding anniversary. every morning fresh lei (flowers) were placed in our room. There was a reasonably sized pool and 4 places to eat. we had breakfast (buffet style but you can pick your meat and request how you want it cooked) in the restaurant right by the beach and had the delight of watching a beautiful morning wedding ceremony take place on the Waikiki beach. as you would imagine there was a great variety for breakfast with so much fresh fruit its unbelieveable. also cereals, cooked meat, yoghurts, breads etc..the beach was right on the hotel's doorstep and went on for miles. lots of nice clean sand and also a playground on grass for the children. to the right of the hotel you get a fabulous view of Diamond Head Crater. we had dinner in the restaurant overlooking the beach. the food was out of this world. the waiter was so friendly and gave us tips on what to do/see and also where else to eat on the island. im vegetarian and found i had a good choice off the menu. each morning we would come down to breakfast to see different activities taking place - basket weaving, lei making, hula dancing etc.. the children loved it. we had hired a car from the airport but did find th edirections a little confusing getting to the hotel(dont drive in Honolulu at rush hour - mad!) and even more bizarre trying to get out of the city. The hotel has valet service. the only downside to our stay was the weather. we were there 4 days and it rained for 3 of them. but if you visit you must go to the Polynesian cultural centre and Byodo-in temple is worth a look at. Will definitely go back one day.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mreen
<Content>loved the outrigger reef I stayed at the outrigger reef on the beach from May 16 to 20. I took my aunt to celebrate her 75th birthday. We visited Maui first and then Honolulu. I love the outrigger because it's right on the beach and in the middle of everything. It's surrounded by lots of great restaurants,(loved Roy's) shopping malls and you can take a nice walk on the boardwalk to visit all the other great hotels. Before I left, I heard so much complaints about the construction and I was a bit worried. But once I got there, the construction was not a bother at all. We stayed in a partial ocean view room( 404). We had a balcony overlooking the pool. The room was small, but adequate. Loved the flaf screen TV and decor of the room. The onsite restaurants are great if you don't want to go too far, plus you can aslo walk to any of the other restaurants at nearby hotels. The outrigger is truly in a happening spot, you can't beat that, plus it's on the world famous Waikiki Beach. There's a spa on site if you want to be pampered. The outrigger is great for people watching The staff was helpful. I'll definitely stay at the outrigger on my next visit to Honolulu. I had a wonderful two-week stay in Hawaii. I know I'll be back.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mondo36
<Content>Ocean Tower Open-All New!! Ok, So here it is-U can now stay at the Reef and rest easy knowing that you will have a nice room in the Ocean tower!!!!! We stayed here on May 12, 13, 14 and 15. We were the first to stay in our room which was a full ocean view (up graded from partical) and it was way nice, big, with large balcony and flat panel tv. All staff are way nice. Yes construciton is still on going but for the price and now that u will stay in a new room who can beat it! BTW salt water pool too! The other tower is now closed, so there if no way u can stay in one of the old rooms! We stayed in RM 908!!!! Nice, nice. And who said the beach is rocky? It is not, it is sandy, with great swimming.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jeanos
<Content>Great location, rooms are not so great You really cannot beat the location of this hotel. It is right on Waikiki beach, close to all the shops and restaurants, but man, the room was awful. We just spent as little time as possible in the room. We booked this room over the phone and was told it was 3 1/2 stars, really? Again, the location is great, but the room is something I would expect at a motel. Gross old tile in the small cramped bathroom, bed was so uncomfortable and old bedding, not great. They were remodeling while we were there, and I guess it is still going on. Once the rooms are remodeled, I'm sure it will be a great place.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>dissappointedutah
<Content>Not so GREAT!!! I assumed I was going to a newly renovated 4 star resort. Instead, I stayed 7 nights in the dirtiest room in the Pacific Tower. It was really dirty all the way from black grease on the bed skirts to mold growing thru the cracked tiles in the bathroom.....Had to get up close and personal to all the filth in order to unplug things to plug in my hair dryer.....I believe with out my flip flops I could have ended up with someones athletes foot as the once over vacuum job was just not enough for this old dirty room!!! Truly I assumed the renovations were done and while the construction was not an issue at all for me it was just major disappointment of the age and cleanliness of the room.~ On the positive side nice staff, good food, great bar./restaurant!!!~  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>dsbl
<Content>Great view but hated the bugs Our room had a great ocean view and was clean enough but the first morning we woke up to little ants crawling all over in the bathroom, including our toothbrushes. We also saw them on the nightstand between the beds and coming out from around the outlet covers. Housekeeping got rid of them but they returned each morning. Once remodeled maybe it won't be a problem. Everyone was friendly and food was good. Nice and close to shopping. Beach was beautiful but rocky. We will probably opt for a different hotel next time around.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>S&S07
<Content>Niced location- but UNDER CONSTRUCTION!!! Considering what we left in Wainea to get to the beach, Outrigger was a warm welcome. Overall the stay was good, GREAT location, close to everything (beach, food, shopping) but the hotel is under massive construction. Our room was ok, but it was evident that the price reflected the location, not the accomodations.If you spend your time out and about, and use the hotel to sleep, you won't be disappointed. If you're looking for luxury...try any of the other hotels on the beach.Maybe it will live up to the price after the 2008 renovation...  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DuluthSuds
<Content>Wait Another Year I have stayed at this property many times and have enjoyed each stay. However, due to construction around the property and the property itself, I would strongly urge people to stay at another property. It is very noisy, starting at approximately 6:45a.m. and lasting until 3p.m. There isn't much relaxation at the pool as the noise is constant. All the neat little shops that were on this property are gone due to the construction and the 2 small bars are closed during this construction along with the Chief Hut restraunt. I am sure once the construction has been completed it will be a great property again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NDSnowbirds
<Content>Back from Hawaii Back last Wed. from a 7 night cruise (Pride Of Aloha) and also a 2 night stay at the Outrigger Reef On The Beach. I loved the cruise, this was my first and also first time in Hawaii. What's not to love?Many people complained about the freestyling but since I have not been on any other I enjoyed it. The first few nights you had to wait in line at the Buffet and also at the Restaurants but then we got right in after those few days. Also they hipe up how great the shore excursions are and then when you go to book them they are all filled up. Our helicopter ride in Hilo was cancelled but due to the weather and also a beach day was cancelled due to bad weather. The ones we did go on were nice.Did the luau in LaHaina and it was great, glad we didn't do the one that NCL sponsered as they had to go inside due to rain. This is the only authentic one. Food was good and also the entertainment.Did the Road to Hana, but rented a convertible and in my opinion the only way to go. It was alot of fun driving it with the top down and a beautiful day. My daughter snorkled the Molokini crater and said the best ever.After the cruise we spent 3 days on Waikkii Beach at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. Was a little concerned about this before we got there as heard there was much construction going on but it did not bother us one bit and we also got upgraded from a city view to a partial view. Also great shopping near there. We also took a tour of Pearl Harbor and the city of Honolulu for $25.00. Well worth it and Pearl Harbor makes one really stop and think. I now have a better concept of what happened on Dec. 7 1941. It seems more real to me now.All in all Hawaii is a place to see, visit or live.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>springbreakwasgreat!
<Content>A few things to Consider       Lanai for what the hotel deems a moderate room 337 in Diamond Head building  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>hulagirlwa
<Content>Construction not bad We stayed at the Outrigger Reef March 9-12, 2007. The front of the hotel has construction going on where they drop you off. Once inside the lobby is going under construction but they have walls to cover all construction. Sometimes it is load in the lobby area but we did not hear any construction noise anywhere else. We went to the beach in front of the hotel and did not hear construction. There used to be a restraunt at the pool but that is closed. The Shorebird and the Charter House restraurant is still open. We booked a standard room and got a upgrade without asking. it was nice with a large bathroom and lots of storage. It overlooked the pool area. The room was clean and we enjoyed the view from the lanai. My kids complained that there was not internet access without having to pay $$. Also there was not alot of t.v. channels compared to where we stayed before but that is ok. We are not there to watch t.v. We don't have t.v. at home so it is treat to them when we go on vacation. Overall, it was great. I was really nervous about the construction but it did not effect our stay at all. The beachwalk street (Lewers) is in front of the hotel and is so beautiful, especially at night. That is what Hawaii is all about.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missleesh
<Content>Loved the Outrigger! My boyfriend and I stayed at the outrigger last July for 10 nights. Its a beautiful hotel, the foyer lobby is absolutley stunning.There are many reviews which rave about this place and others which totally disagree with them. the best way to judge if the outrigger is for you, is by looking at what you want from the property.If you want a beautiful beach on your doorstep, then its not really for you. The beach out the front of the hotel, is very rocky making it impossible to swim and or snorkel, but saying that I witnessed the most beautiful sunset here, and spent many days relaxing on the Shore. Its really only a short walk up the beach to find a nicer place to swim.In terms of the location, its in Prime spot for shopping, and great food places. there is just a great atmosphere in this property.I would reccomend it to other shopoholics out there like me, and to people who just want to relax and have a nice stay with the family.Alicia  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>numba1goalie
<Content>Location A++++, Rooms D-         
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	1	5	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>Rock-a-hula
<Content>Trust me !!!!! this was a fantastic place My fiance and i stayed here for 7 days on our honeymoon. It was a great place with excellant service and rooms. It is the perfect place to stay in Honalulu !!!! The beach is at your doorstep, the in house bar and restaraunt is great and your only a minute away from the main strip in waikiki !!!!!! all aspects of the hotel were of high standard from the bell boy to the activities advisor and more !!!!! We loved it !!!.......and when we come back to Waikiki, this is the place i'll be staying !!!!!!!!!!!! You pay for what you get, and we got alot !!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtown41051
<Content>Great Central location Great central location directly on the beach of Waikiki with excellent view of Diamond Head.Room = Our room was on the small side, (bed took up most of the room), with a tiny shower in a smallish bathroom. Very partial ocean view off the balcony. We really only used the room to sleep and shower so it was fine for what we needed.Pool = Nice pool with a hot tub and bar close by. We spend most of the time in the ocean and only used the pool at night, (when the sharks were feeding).Beach = Excellent beach that is literally right outside your door. Couldn't ask for a better instant beach access.Food = Only ate at the Shorebird, (great for breakfast). There are plenty of places to eat within walking distance. The Duke's canoe club is an excellent choice and is very close.Beds and Service = No complaints.This is a large hotel, one of many in the area, and is an excellent choice particularly if you don't have a car and want to be in walking distance of the main drag.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lajollagirl
<Content>Good location but nothing special My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger Reef Dec. 06 for the Honolulu Marathon. The locatiion: Location is the best part abouut the hotel. Walk past the lobby, through the Shore Bird Restaurant, and you're on the beach with gorgeous views of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. For the price, it's really not a bad hotel - remember, you're on Waikiki Beach, and most other hotels here will charge $$$ for the same locatiion but better accomodations. Shopping and dining are all within walking distance. If you want to venture out of Waikiki defnitely rent a car. We can only handle so much shopping so opted for this choice to drive to other beaches, sites around the island. Beware however, they charge a steep $18 a day to park and there is no nearby off-site parking. Parking is valet only - no self park, so we felt the need to tip the guys running to get our car for every trip, so parking was more like $20 a day. The staff: No problems with the front desk. The staff didn't treat us like royalty 5 star, but it's not a 5 star hotel - you get what you pay for considering this is Waikiki. Nice enough staff for the hotel rating. I did like the fact that the timeshare people left us alone. There's nothing worse than being harassed by timeshare people the moment you have just arrived to a hotel after a long flight. The pool staff was very poor however. I had asked for a menu from the waitress and she never returned with a menu. Had to get up myself to get the menu. The rooms: We had a partial ocean view. On the plus side, I did like the location of our room b/c it was a corner room on the side opposite Diamond Head. We had a nice view of the park to our right, then a partial ocean view to our left. I wouldn't recommend a room w/o a partial ocean view at least. There's a lot of construction going on daily in Waikiki and don't be surprised if you have a view of construction equipment and extra noise if you go with a 'city' view. Our rooms were cleaned daily, towels replaced etc. early enough for our return to our rooms in the late afternoon to clean up for dinner. I also liked that they have a small refridgerator and safe. On the negative side: The rooms had a bit of a musty/moldy smell to them. Our room was non-smoking, but we could also smell a hint of cigarette smoke. The halls to our room level especially reeked of smoke. The layout of the rooms are very outdated. The bathroom was very very small and had a very odd layout - the closet was actually in the walkway of the bathroom. No bathtub so the shower stall is very small. If you want something with nicer rooms, updated decor, cleaner, more ammenities, for the same price, don't stay in Waikiki. We stayed at Turtle Bay Resort which is on the North Shore - a bit of a drive to the Waikiki, but for the same price, you'll have all the things that a Waikiki 3 1/2 star hotel lacks. The pool: clean for the amount of guests, but we were there in December so it wasn't exactlly scorching hot. It was a bit windy that week so there weren't a lot of people in the pool to begin with. Summer would probably be a different story. The pool staff was unattentive. Pool is definitely outdated. You'll be better off at the beach.The food. There is a starbux on site which was a plus, although we prefer local Hawaiian coffee shops. Interestingly enough, brewed Kona coffee was NO WHERE to be found at most cafes we went to, unlike the other islands. But I was glad starbux was there - consistent and you know what to expect. We only ate at the Shore Bird Restaurant at the hotel which has a nice view of the beach. We had the daily breakfast included with the room charge. If you have to pay extra for the breakfast to be included, go somewhere else for breakfast. You will have the SAME food for breakfast everyday. Dried/semicold eggs, low quality bacon, ham which is sliced as you arrive - not bad, but I wouldn't' choose to eat ham every day. The papaya was the only thing I enjoyed daily - we LOVE papaya. The coffee is TERRIBLE - burnt and week. In fact we went to starbux everyday. We ate lunch at the shore bird once. Had a burger which wasn't bad, but overpriced. We went to the bar at the restaurant one night and had an appetizer with drinks before dinner at another restaurant - sashimi was pretty good. There is entertainment nightly, which gave the bar a nice relaxed feel. Lots of nearby restaurants. I would recommend venturing out of the hotel to eat. Overall, if you are on a budget it's not terrible, but if you're looking for the royal treatment, and exceptional rooms you'll have to buck up and pay Waikiki prices elsewhere, or stay further outside of Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>benihana07
<Content>great location and hotel Just got back from Waikiki, where we stayed at the outrigger reef. They are currently undergoing renovations but we never found this to be a problem. Most of the work occured during the day when we were out of the room. In fact during the nite it was completely quiet. I live in a condo and find it to be noisier at home then at this hotel.The staff was helpful and friendly. We ate at the shorebird restaurant for breakfast and lunch on a few occasions and found the buffet fabulous. The room while small was clean and had everything we needed, safe, fridge etcWould not hesitate to go back , but fear that prices once the renos are done will make that impossible. The one warning is that the trump hotel is going up across the street so that is a little loud and traffic is heavy  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmgriffith
<Content>Hotel was great! The Outrigger Reef was great. We knew before going to Hawaii that there was construction going on in the area and at the hotel, but honestly it did not bother us one bit. We were only in our hotel to shower and sleep so we barely noticed the men working. We did not get a new room, but the room was still great! It was a small room, but the closet was big enough to store all of our luggage (4 suitcases) so everything was put away and made it easier to move around. The bathroom was average size with a shower only. The rooms were very clean. The lobby and amenities inside the hotel were excellent. If I had to pick one thing I disliked about the hotel it would be the timeshare company in the lobby. By the end of the stay I simply said No as soon as they started talking because I was tired of them asking me stuff as I walked by. The outside of the hotel was great. The pool looked great (we didn't use it). The Shore Bird restaurant was excellent and being right on the beach was wonderful. The beach had a lot of coral and rocks right there so we walked over a little bridge and swam right in front of the hotel right next to us and it was great. All in all I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mizzluna
<Content>so so romantic       beach with view of diamondhead  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>dreducation3
<Content>a good place to stay but be aware... We stayed here with our 3 children, ages 6, 8, and 14, during our vacation. The hotel is nice, but we would not stay here again. Be aware that this review is coming from a family who travels a lot and have stayed in many hotels, so we tend to be a bit more discriminating and require more than a comfortable bed. Okay, the good first: the room was spacious and the staff accomodating. There was plenty of storage space in the room, far more than most hotels. The other side (not necessarily a bad, but instead, these are things to be aware of): there is no Wi-Fi in the room so you have to sit in the lobby to use the internet. The reception was weak at best and at times completely inaccessible no matter where we moved to within the lobby so we ended up surrendering and paying to use the T-mobile hotspot in Starbucks within the hotel. While we were on vacation and not in Hawaii for business, we are a professional couple and needed to check in with work now and then via email, so if you need to be wired to technology or want to surf the net from your room, this is not the hotel for you. Also, this is an older hotel that is undergoing renovations (we heard no noise, a big plus), so maybe their technology will be updated with the cosmetic atmosphere of the hotel. The dining options within the hotel are limited (one where you cook your own food, which takes a while and can be fun or annoying, depending on how hungry you are. We did eat at that restaurant and the food was great. The other choice is an upscale restaurant with a very well-rounded, nice seafood menu. It is much more expensive ($25-40 per meal) but be aware that it's not a quick meal nor well-suited for young children). There are restaurants like Denny's, TGI Friday's and Planet Hollywood within walking distance; however, our family didn't want to eat at a restaurant we could dine in at home -- we were looking for non-chain restaurants unique to Honolulu, so the lack of choices within walking distance was a bit disappointing. There is a lot of construction going on and based on the temporary signs in windows, other dining choices will be opening in the near future. The pool is small and outdated compared to most other hotels, and the rooms are also outdated but very comfortable. The TV is very small, there is no tub, the shower was a bit rusty, and the view in the oceanview rooms provides a partial view of the ocean at best. (The bellman said we should consider ourselves lucky, but for $300+ a night we didn't feel so lucky). The hotel is located very close to the beach, which was very convenient and unlike most others in Honolulu. The activities director on duty at all times was helpful but provided biased advice and direction. It felt like they were serving their own needs instead of providing us with all options we eventually discovered doing our own calling and internet searches. Last, a BIG HINT: if you plan on traveling around the island at all, RENT A CAR!! We did and saved a lot of money. On-site hotel transportation charges $20 per person to take you to Pearl Harbor, the Polynesian Center, etc. Even the Hanaumu Bay, which was a 20 minute drive, cost $15 per person for transportation only if you book through the hotel activities desk. (A cab ride was estimated to be $40-45). Overall, it's a nice hotel and more than acceptable if you're using it for a place to lay your head comfortably. If you're looking for varied amenities or if you need a little more than the basics in a hotel, you'll want to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>jasbas
<Content>New Year's at the Outrigger We stayed at the Outrigger for the New Year's Eve weekend (Dec.29 - Jan.1). I took my fianc茅 for his 30th bithday and we really enjoyed our time! It was our first time staying at the hotel. Our room, including the bathroom was very clean and the staff was very accomodating. I actually purchased a standard room without a view but when we arrived, my standard room had a great view of the water and Diamond Head! I think I was pretty lucky!!! The hotel had construction going on but we only stayed in our room to sleep so it was never an issue for us. The Shore Bird does in fact have a great breakfast for its price of $25.00 per person. Try to get there early because it can get crowded. I was kind of concerned before we got there because I read the reviews after booking my stay, however, we had an awesome time and I would stay there again. It is a great location and seems to be one of the most popular and highly rated hotels!Aloha!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>wjb46
<Content>You won't be disappointed! Within this year I have stayed at both the Outrigger on the Beach and the Outrigger on the Reef on Waikiki. I would recommend either of them but recognize differences which people may find necessary to know about before their stay; but they should also be honest about their own needs. At both hotels we stayed in partial ocean view rooms, the Beach was closer to the water but the Reef overlooked the Pool/Hot Tub area which was open to 10PM.  The Outrigger on the Beach is a four star hotel, from the moment you take the escalator to the second floor lobby and sit down to check in, you know you鈥檙e in for a better life鈥檚 experience. The renovations are newer, rooms are larger, and the bathtub was separated into another room in the bathroom, and the breakfast buffet has more choices, Duke鈥檚 is reasonable (for Hawaii) and fine Dinning is available upstairs. We fell asleep to the lapping of the waves (after Dukes closed, it seemed like midnight) but had to close the lanai door when services began delivery at 5:30AM. Everyone loves this hotel, which is part of the criticism. Everything is crowded. You wait for elevators, you wait for restaurant tables, you wait four deep at the bar. Get to the pool early to reserve your lounge chair or to the beach to rent your umbrella and chairs. But its fun! Everyone is so nice and most of the staff makes your feel welcomed. You can always escape the chaos by going to the bar upstairs which is hardly ever crowded; perhaps due to the bartenders who spend most of their time talking to each other.This hotel is on the main street paralleling the beach. Walk out the front door and you have other hotels, restaurants, and every level of shopping. But, walk out the back of the hotel, past Dukes and the pool and the beautiful beach, ocean and view of Diamondhead spread out before you.The Reef is further from the center of Waikiki, but the view may even be better. It is a little more hidden three star hotel under renovation. Two of the three towers were gutted as of 12/06. There were no crowds; it was great! We enjoyed the Hula dancers and music until 10:30 as we sat on our lanai. Sitting on the around the pool or getting and umbrella was never a problem. The water here has more coral in it. The hotel is the second building form Derussey Park and it鈥檚 a great place to take a walk or sight see, a cultural tour even starts in this hotel twice a week. Meals are good but don鈥檛 go to the Shore Bird unless you are going to grill your own meal; we waited half an hour before this news was sprung upon us and the wind was blowing so the smoke filled the restaurant. The Ocean House though is exquisite. We got there when it opened at five, got a fantastic seat, and dined while watching the sun set into the ocean at 5:45. Service was perfect and even the sight error in my custom meal was corrected quickly. All this will change when Trump builds his monstrosity with 2100 condos just behind this hotel, the completion of the two towers and another adjacent hotel to be completed. So get there soon, enjoy it and able to say,鈥滻 remember when鈥︹€?br/>  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>Good value with nice facilities This was my 2nd time in Hawaii and i had a reservation here for 5 nights. When i checked in someone had told me if Outrigger has the room they will give you a free upgrade, I asked the desk clerk and he assured me it wasn't true! (Just to clarify since someone else mentioned it earlier)I had a standard room on the 16th floor of the pacific tower. It overlooked another tower so no ocean views, But it was sufficient although my room also had some rust in the bathroom.The pool was always crowded and anytime of day/night there were always people in the lobby. I found all the staff very polite and at the time i was there i also saw construction going on but from my room never heard it.They have an onsite laundromat which was very convienient and although i didnt use it a nice looking business centre. It was right on Waikiki beach up the far western end (The quieter end) not far from the Hilton who host a great fireworks display every Friday night. The 24 hour denny's across the road was great to have so close by and there is a restaurant on Kuhio Ave called Chillies i also highly recommend (Part of the Ohana West complex from memory)I'd stay at this place again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Owensfam
<Content>Wonderful Time We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on our honeymoon and had a great time. The staff was overly friendly and it was a very nice view from our partial ocean view room. There was construction going on around the hotel but it was not obnoxious. Food was good in all three restaraunts, and the room was always clean when we returned for the evening. The music played until around 11 every night but added to the ambiance of the trip. The beach was never crowded, but we recommend highly buying beach shoes before you swim. You can find them at the ABC stores nearby.Watch out for the sea turtles, they will swim right up to you. We swam with several during our trip. We would recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>epomer
<Content>reviews scared us but we enjoyed it We are just back from Honolulu and Maui. Stayed at Outrigger Reef in Honolulu. We booked it before I read reviews here and I was concerned but we enjoyed our stay there. It is an old hotel but it looks like they have been scrubbing it a lot...... we found our room clean and recently painted. We asked for a room away from construction and had no noise in our room. The location is fantastic. Reastaurants and shops there are comparable to others but no High End shopping.... walk 2 blocks if you are looking for Prada, Tiffanys, Chanel, Hugo Boss, etc. We were not even approached by time share sales people, they stayed behind their desks smiling and offering free tours, breakfasts, etc and we just walked past them. I hope this helps especially if you are booked there and like us worried by some of the posts. Then again if you are expecting five stars.....or even four, you may want to re-book.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>UnionKiara
<Content>Great Stay! Great Time! OK - I read all the reviews before making my decision and I am am so happy I ignored the negative, miserable comments. My significant other and I stayed at the Reef from 11/25/06 thru 12/02/06. I am very familiar with Honolulu since my relatives live on McCully Street and this was my 6th visit. We were very happy with are stay. The staff is wonderful. The resturants and bars perfect. Having the beach outside the hotel was the selling point. We had large sea turtles swimming near us as well as beautiful tropical fish that hang next to the reef. The beach had so many activities you could participate in or just lay there and watch others. We rented the moderate room which was on special through Orbits. The room was a little small but had this amazing walk in closet which allowed me to store all our suit cases and clothes leaving the room free of clutter. The bathroom was big with a seperate section for the toilet and shower. I was in room 1768 - maybe other rooms have small bathrooms but not ours. There was no view but we did not care - we don't stay in our room - at least not to look out the window. If your on Wikkii beach sitting in your room - shame on you. I will return to the Reef - I just hope the new renovations don't cause the prices to increase too unreasonably.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>M123456
<Content>Old but clean, nice location but noisy We stayed at the this hotel from November 22 - 26, 2006.We booked this hotel through hotwire which meant we did not learn the hotel's name until we paid for it. Usually we end up with good hotels when we book through hotwire but this time I was truly scared after reading the Reef reviews on this web site.The Outrigger Reef has a great location. It is within walking distance of all the Waikiki restaurants and shops. It is right on the beach. There are some rocks in the water so water shoes would be a good idea.The staff was friendly and helpful. We ate at the Reef for Thanksgiving and the food was good. We also ate at the breakfast buffet which was not worth the money.The room was out of date decor wise. The shower and bathroom were extremely small. However the room was clean - it was not as bad as I expected from reading the reviews. I imagine some rooms are in better shape than others.The most important thing for visitors to know is that there are three construction projects going on around the Reef. Directly across the street the Embassy Suites is being built. According to the front desk staff construction on this will be done by the end of the year. The second is also across the street from the Reef. This is the Trump Towers. They just started that project so it has a long way to go. The third is on the Reef itself. They have completely gutted one of their building (the one closest to the ocean) and are in the process of renovating it. Our room was a partial ocean view and faced the construction on the Reef which was the most noisy from our location. Luckily we were there over Thanksgiving so construction was at a minimum. This hotel is old and dated but friendly and clean. It has a great location. If construction noise bothers you I would suggest staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mountaingirl914
<Content>Mixed Bag My friend and I stayed here for one week. The room was VERY tiny and the bathroom was itty bitty. It was so small it didn't have any place to put our toiletries, not any counter space at all. The shower was small and outdated. The room smelled very musty and if we opened the sliding door to air it out then the A/C shut off. This room was tight for two adults...I can't imagine a family staying here. The construction noise was annoying but we were up and out of the room early. The rooms are in need of a good spiffing up and our TV was so small. On the good side....the restaurants in the hotel were all pretty good. We liked having a Starbucks on site and having a refrigerator in the room was nice. The location suited us fine and we walked or took the bus all over. We found the the employees friendly and helpful. Lastly, the beach the Hotel sits on is nice. We rented a cabana everyday and never had trouble getting a good spot. We could always find a pool chair, too. The ocean is very rocky right there so bring some water shoes! Overall a average experience and for the right price we may stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>nic326
<Content>Always Pleased! I have stayed at The Outrigger Reef the past 4 times I've been to Hawaii and it's always been great. The hotel is a little older but it's in a super location, on the Waikiki Strip but at the very end and up one block so you don't have all the noise and foot traffic. They are in the process of building the Trump Tower which is literally a stone's throw away so if you don't like construction noise, don't stay here.In the event that one does there is quite a bit to do. Hilton Hawaiian Village is a short walk where they have great shopping and restaurants. Most of the designer stores (Gucci, Vuitton, Armani) are up a couple of blocks from the hotel. They have 2 restaurants, The Shore Bird is an open air place for those that want a quick breakfast or lunch and The Ocean Restaurant for a nicer touch - both are right on the beach and have amazing views of the sunset and Diamond Head. The beach is good, nice and clean. Staff are great! They have a little cabana they hang out in all day and come by every now and then to mist you when it gets hot. They also are helpful in answering any questions you have. Chairs and umbrellas are available for $15 per day. You are free to leave, have lunch and still have your chair waiting for you!The hotel has two bars/lounges - one in the lobby near the pool and one in the Shore Bird. Lobby bar is nice if you like a less crowded scene, Shore Bird Bar gets really packed most nights but is really fun. They also feature live music.Make sure you step out to the beach at dusk for the Hilton Hawaiian Village fireworks on Friday nights! It's kind of a fun treat. They also show first run movies on the opposite end of the beach (across the street from the zoo) on Friday nights complete with huge screen and chairs.Rooms are a little dated but CLEAN. Bathrooms can be small but hopefully most of your stay isn't in the room! Service is great and timely. Staff always willing to get extra towels or wait to clean your room if need be. This hotel is also pretty reasonably priced, especially for the location. So I reccomend waiting for Trump to finish then take a trip to Outrigger Reef!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crystyna
<Content>What a dissapointment I had to write this to warn others...we were on our honeymoon and while the location is great - the construction was unbearable. We had requested ocean front - it had a view of the building (we wanted to be in) on the beach front that was under renovations. Trump is building a big resort behind them, so we understand them trying to compete - but you are surrounded by construction workers and equipment. We requested to go to the sister outrigger down the st with Dukes - what a difference a few blocks make. Not much more for price either. It was almost comical following the line of people from one hotel to the next. The staff wasn't happy at either end - but I don't blame them! I would try them again but after all this - we did eat there and the bar was great, good eats and reasonable prices! Hope this helps!TIP: booking directly throught the hotel made it easier to transfer those who did packages had a harder time changing hotels.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>kayjtee
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Reef on the Beach! Our party of 3 stayed Nov 6-11 this year. Stayed on 2nd floor overlooking the Tiki Lounge and watched the hula dancers from our terrace. Very nice room, very large bathroom, no tub, must be one of the renovated areas of the hotel. Loud construction noise from Trump tower being built but not disruptive. Great private table/chairs in private lanai opening onto entire length of hotel terrace w dozens of recliners. Very pleased, will absolutely stay there again! Very prompt check in and out, no upgrade but none necessary after we saw our room. Tiki Lounge had wonderful food as did the Shore Bird. Did not get a chance to try the Ocean House but others raved about it. Pool was great, location was perfect. I can't say enough good about this hotel! Make sure when you reserve to ask for one of the renovated areas as I had read many reviews about the small bathrooms and was leary about this place but was so pleased with everything!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>medodedo
<Content>I don't think I will stay again at this hotel old building parking is limited and expensive major construction is going on nearby they have rooms called moderate rooms, they are nightmare has no view at all  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>MatrixJR
<Content>NEVER AGAIN My wife and just got back from one of the worst stays in Hawaii we have ever had. I originally wanted to stay here because we had stayed at this hotel on our 10 year anniversary, and had a great time. However, this was not the case, this time around. I booked the trip to celebrate our 20 year anniversary and to stay at what I believed to be a great hotel. Upon our arrival however we were greeted with the sound of jackhammers and construction. It would have been nice if we were told about this in advance. Then the desk clerk asked if we would like an upgrade and we of course said yes. Our upgrade consisted of a suite on the second floor directly over all of the construction, thank's. Then when we went to complain, the person who helped us at the front desk, seemed to have cared less when we explained that we were there to celebrate our anniversary. There was no apology made for the inconvienence. The room, for the price, was sub-standard and so were the services I recommend that if you are looking to stay at a hotel on Oahu that this would be my last choice. Thank's for ruining what could have been a great stay.J.R. San Diego  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>hollykind
<Content>Loud, Old, and YUCK! This hotel has no redeeming qualities! I had to endure two weks of torture here, as it was paid for up front thru Orbitz. First of all major constuction going on right across the street and starts up at 7AM every morning. Every night the very loud band plays in the lobby area, which you can hear in your room, unitl 11PM. The walls are paper thin and you can hear Every sound from next door! The rooms are old, faucets leak, lights out etc... The Hotel is in major need of huge renovations. Being that I had to be there for two weeks, I asked to have my room moved to the other side of the hotel so I could get some sleep, I asked 5 times and was never moved! My advice is....don't stay at this hotel. Big, Big disappointment! If you have any taste at all, you will hate this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>pharcydegirl
<Content>I love this property My husband and I came to Hawaii to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. We knew of the construction in advance and had no problem with it....It made it feel like home (funny huh). People on here complain constantly of the noise, and the bathroom but seriously....if you want to stay in your room or the bathroom all day then book a trip to a neighbor island where it is more recluse.  Everyday we wandered around the city and found it interesting to see how Waikiki is changing. Construction is from 8-5 but that is normal in any city. The staff was more than friendly and upgraded our room at no cost. I have personally seen the renovated rooms and trust me...when the property is done...It will be more than a 4 star rating! Have patience! The pool was wonderful to swim in and the jacuzzi and whirlpools were the right temperature. Parking is expensive,($18/day) but if you book your car thru the right rental company, they discount that off of your booking price:) For a Friday to Monday rental, we paid $20!!!!  I would definitely recommend this property to all my friends and family!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LaContessa0128
<Content>Alot of Aloha Spirit The staff at Outrigger Reef were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean, the size of the bathroom was fine. The buffet breakfast was fantastic. Plenty of shops inside the hotel, ABC just down the street, (every street has one). It was noisy around the pool area but we were not disturbed by the construction noise inside the hotel. It was more difficult to walk around Lewers St and the surrounding area because of the construction. Waikiki is great, the North Shore is stunning, nothing could keep me away from Oahu.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>hawiabound
<Content>Great location,amazing ocean views and wonderful staff We had a great stay here.As soon as the taxi left us off we encountered the construction they had told us about but once inside we never gave it another thought. We were greeted with a big warm ALOHA and when we got to our room we realized we had been upgraded to an ocean view,what a treat!! The room was delightful light and bright ,we had been warned on this site the bathrooms need updating but they were clean and fine. The pool was warm and large enough to accomadate alot of people so we had fun swimming and sunning there .The hotel is right on the beach so we had many walks on the beach. We eat in the Shore bird and pool side restaurants and they were great,very reasonable and nice staff. Overall we would highly recommend this hotel and after construction is complete it will be all the nicer. C.LaFlamme  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hawaiianbaby
<Content>It was fun to feel the earthquake The staff was very friendley and helpful with directions, checking us in online to our airline and with any little trivial question that we had. It was easy to get the car from valet. You have to pay $17.00 a day to park there. The hotel is right on the beach, but it is rocky and we got our legs cut when we went in. We took someone else's advice and walked down by the Hilton. It was a much better beach with soft sand and no rocks. We were there for the earthquake. We felt it and it was pretty fun since we are from Calif. and as long as no one gets hurt, it is fun to feel an earthquake. The hotel gave out little glow sticks for light since the electricity was out. I was thinking that it might be a good idea for my future travels to just bring a flashlight, just in case. We lived on pringles and wheat thins for the day, not much food was available. As far as the hotel, it was OK. We booked online with priceline. Unfortunately priceline has this hotel listed as a RESORT! I couldn't believe it. All other sites have this hotel listed as a 3 star hotel! I called and complained to Priceline about this. They did nothing. So I did not get any great deal since I put in a price thinking I could stay at a nice resort in Waikiki. We did not let it ruin our trip. The bathrooms REALLY are horrible at the Outrigger. I would stay at another hotel unless you could get a super low price.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>hotelquality
<Content>This hotel star class needs to adjusted I have stayed at this hotel three times in the last two years it just keeps getting worse. The first two times I booked this hotel were by choice. The third and the last time was due to priceline. The hotel is totally under construction. This makes it very difficult to get to and time consuming and the pool is surrounded by banging hammers and bulldozers The rooms are seriousely out of date and dirty. I took pictures of the shower on my last stay, however I was so disgusted that I checked out and switched to another hotel lost my money because priceline won't refund money when you name your own price. I did not care it was that bad. The pull out sofa ,on my second trip, I slept in one evening and woke up with bites all over my legs. I told the front desk that they might want to change the sheets the mattress or something in a very nice way, I was grosed out by it, but it wasn't the front desks fault. Next thing I' m doing on my last night of vacation before dinner is being investigated by security and they are taking pictures of my legs like I was a criminal. They came back twice to retake the pictures because they said the first set was to dark. Anyways, just to let readers know, yes this is beacfront, but not a good beach front. Lots of rocks and just a little beach area. The reataurant on the beach does have a nice view of the sunset I'll give them that. If you plan on working out on your stay, plan on working out in a dump!!!!! The free weights look like they are rusted the facility is in the basement, due to the construction I had to walk through the parking garage jump over water puddles and smell bad smells. The rooms are old looking, the couches look like they are from the 70's and the beds are so hard you can feel the spring coil when you sit down. My last stay the comforter had a hole in it. I think it's obvious that I do not recommend this hotel if your expecting a 4 star rating. They rate this higher on some sites then the Hyatt Waikiki, how ? The price for this hotel is really cheap so it makes it appealing. On my first trip with four girlfriends we were only there for 3 days so I did'nt get a chance to take in the hotel. The second trip I definitely took it in and decided after a chain of events that it was'nt worth the discount. The third trip, not by choice, was the last. I hope this helps.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>Vesna-Trevor
<Content>We didn't know about the construction noise... We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach (ORB) from 11 - 14 September, 2006 as the final part of our Hawaiian honeymoon vacation. The main reason for the neutral rating is that there was very noisy construction taking place all day long.The amenities at the hotel are wonderful. The front desk staff and information/tour booking kiosk personnel were all terrific, helpful and pleasant. Certainly, this hotel is a top notch establishment.Our room (king size bed, sofa, mini-fridge) was clean and well kept by the housekeeping staff. We were a little surprised to find how small the bathroom was, however. Also, if any part of the room looked to be older and worn, it was the bathroom.My wife and I enjoy spending time on the beach. I, more than she, also enjoy spending time pool side. The ORB has a very nice pool area. We did not spend any time at all at the pool, however, because construction on one of the hotel towers went on all day and the jackhammer noise was very annoying. I found it amazing that anyone actually paid to have a massage in the spa area by the pool. I can not see how they could possibly relax in that environment.The noise was not much of an issue by the beach. This is probably because of it being a more open area and the surf sounds covered up most of the construction noise.Having arrived in Honolulu directly from a week on Maui, we found Waikiki beach in general to be small, and the beach area in front of the ORB to be especially so.To summarize, we found the ORB to be a very comfortable hotel, well appointed and right in the heart of Waikiki beach and shopping area. Our only hesitation in recommending it has to do with the ongoing construction work.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lboogy
<Content>Just Average - See Why.... I'll start off with the critiques first to give you a glimpse of what to expectThe hotel grounds were nothing short of average. I booked the reservation expecting to stay at a 3-star hotel and that is exactly what I got. The salt water pool was a decent size and so were the two hot tubs. I have absolutely no complaints at all when it comes to the pools.The staff was very friendly. I have been to the neighboring islands on previous trips but since this was my first time in Honolulu they offered many tips, which were very much appreciated.We were checked in swiftly, since there is major construction going on, we were bumped up to a pool view as opposed to the city view (where they're building the new Trump tower). The hotel is in major need of a facelift. The decor is so outdated, I've got to say, it was the ugliest decor I've ever seen. The pale blue reeked everywhere. Believe what you've read about the bathrooms. All of the reviews are pretty accurate about the size and the grime. No matter how much time you scrub that shower, the dingy brown would not come off.The Shorebird sucked! We reserved the buffet breakfast package (highly unadvisable). They served the same thing everyday: same fruit, same cereals, fried rice with celery, portuguese sausage, eggs, bacon, ham or turkey and french toast. While that's fine for the first three days, it made me sick by the fourth day. We also ate there for lunch and the ahi tacos were completely coated in rosemary. Yuck. The sad part is that the Shorebird has a beautiful view of Waikiki beach. The restaurant has so much potential. Nothing a menu-revamp couldn't fix.The spa was wonderful, get a lomi-lomi massage. My friend and I were in pure bliss. It was honestly the best massage I've ever had.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ponyboy
<Content>love this hotel me and my family stay in this hotel in july our first time in hawaii love this hotel great location right on beach our room face the pool you can see the ocean room was big enough for four people it has two beds and sofa bed. The only complain i have there was constrction across street knew hotel going up. but if i come back to hawaii i will stay here next time we had a blast  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Helen321
<Content>Paradise at the Reef Second leg of our Honeymoon, we were there for ten nights - absolutey fantastic!Don't be put off by the fact that there is construction work going on around the hotel. They are obviously trying to improve on already excellent facilities, and to be honest, it didn't bother us.The staff went out of their way to be helpful and friendly, champagne was bought up to our room 10 minutes after we checked in, and complimentary buffet breakfasts were ours for the duration of our stay.Only downfall was transferring from the airport to the hotel - it cost us $40 in a cab. Take a tip, ask the bell desk to book you on the shuttle for your return to the airport - it was only $18!!!The room was excellent - bright clean with a fanstastic views over the ocean. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but hey! who spends their vacation in the bathroom? It was clean and perfectly functional.Restaurants were of a high standard within the hotel - try the Shorebird for a dinner with a difference where you bbq your own steaks, but beware, as it gets very busy.Try the Aloha lounge for drinks and cocktails in the hotel lobby. Nightly Hawaiin music together with a Hula dancer adds to the atmosphere.Take the trolley tours if you want informative relaxed trips around the island, these come in at $25 pp per day - a fraction of the cost of the tours offered within the hotels, and you see just as much.For shoppers its a double paradise. All the top class designer stores on the main Boulevard, but do wander around the International market as well.All in all an excellent venue. Right on the beach, full of life and highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jami674
<Content>Decent Hotel, but be wary of construction This was my 3rd time staying at a hotel in Waikiki. It was nicer than the first place (can't remember the name as I was only a teenager), and we stayed at the Sheraton on the Beach a few years ago. I don't think the Outrigger Reef is as nice as the Sheraton but it had its appeal. We booked our vacation through American Airlines vacations and chose a moderate room to save money. When we checked in we were given a city-view room, which basically meant we had a great view of all the construction going on across the street. They are finishing up an Embassy Suites and just starting Trump Towers just across from the front lobby. Just as another reviewer said, the back of the hotel on the beach is very peaceful and relaxing. I loved the hotels vicinity to the ocean and the calm waters. Sailboats  catermerans stop just outfront on the hotel beach and you can book rides on them daily. The hotel pool was large and decent, but often crowded and there are 3 hot tubs that were so hot I rarely saw anyone sitting in them for more than a few minutes. We ate at the Chief's Hut once and the Shoreline twice. Both very casual - we saved our big nights out for other places like Hoku's (at the Kahala) and the Hanohano Room (at the Sheraton). Our room in the Pacific Tower was definitely in need of some renovation but it was very clean. I requested two beds and was given that plus a couch that pulled out into another. Perfect as we were 3 female friends sharing the room. The bathroom was very small and only had a shower. Our room had a nice balcony but it was impossible to sit out on it during the weekday because of the loud construction. On the weekends  at night it was fine if one can get over the eyesore of a giant empty lot in front of you. The entire staff at the hotel was extremely friendly and accomodating. I liked the shops in the lobby and I very much enjoyed the calendar of free activities the hotel offers. We tried the Friday morning hula class and had a fun time. We found out that the lobby will begin major renovation/construction on 10/1/06. So be warned about this. Outside of the construction it was fine. We hardly spent any time at the hotel anyway as we were driving all over the island.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>CamW
<Content>Wilson/Horne Relaxing Vacation!!!       From Suite Balcony -Whew the view!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vahini220
<Content>Great location but too much construction! We stayed at Outrigger Reef exactly one year ago and it wasn't too bad with little construction. When we went back this year, the construction was terrible!! What a difference from the front of the hotel to the back of the hotel. At the front, it was loud and distracting with the jack hammer's and traffic going on. It wasn't pleasant, I was actually annoyed. On the other hand, you couldn't hear a thing on the beach! It was absolutely relaxing. I suggest you go to the guys with the yellow umbrellas, it's cheaper and you can get up to $10 off for an all day umbrella. When we first checked in, we got a city view. It wasn't too bad, but the rooms were small. Like the other reviews, the bathrooms were disgusting! I don't know if they were dirty or just really old! But we specifically asked for a pools view and were nicely moved the next day. When we were moved, we had a bigger room with a pool view and a partial ocean view. The bathrooms were much bigger but the shower was basically the same. Small and runned down! One night, when me and my boyfriend got back to our hotel, I heard him shout! He saw a huge roach by our trash can! I was seriously disgusted, but I never reported it, due to the nice house keepers! The people were very friendly but the rooms were just not into par! Last year, we stayed at the Ocean's Tower, but that whole tower is closed due to rennovations, so we had to settle for the Pacific Tower. Other than the rooms, we loved the restaurants in Outrigger Reef. We ate breakfast at the Chief's Hut twice, and we loved it! Other people had the daily specials for $5.99 and they were huge portions! We also ate at the Shorebird, they didn't close till 2 in the morning! It was relaxing hearing the ocean while you have dinner. I recommend Paradise Cove Luau! The best sunset views and a pretty good buffet. It's 100 times better than Germaine's! Hanauma Bay was beautiful but really crowded, go there early! We also went to the Polynesian Culture Center, it was really fun, but it was really hot and humid! Other than feeling really sticky, the shows were awesome! Hawaii has the most friendly people and the best food. Would I recommend this hotel to anyone....maybe after the construction is over. Basically, the whole Waikiki is doing construction though!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>brudda
<Content>Too Much Cobstruction I agree with the reviewer before me. We had the exact same room set-up. My bathroom and shower were just as bad. However, the shower was a normal size, not the puny little one, some reviewers said it was. The room was also a regular sized room. It may have been just a little narrower. The furniture  room was very retro. The beds were comfortable. The halls looked like they have been redone.I had a city view room and I could see the construction from my Lanai. The work began at 7:00 and I could hear everything. However, the pool  beach were on the other side and there was no construction noise there. The pool was great for the kids. There were plenty of chaise lounges available. The beach was a little small. If you have an Ocean View room you will be fine. We had no problems with valet parking and all the workers at the hotel were very nice. The lobby is great. Driving in and out of the hotel was a maze of one way streets. Walking was a zig-zag trek through the construction. I should have re-booked another hotel. However, for the value, it was not bad at all! We were close to everything. I would stay here again when the construction is over.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	5	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>santanabes
<Content>Good Location ...Yucky Rooms!       Room  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>boston530
<Content>Would stay again After reading reviews was apprehensive. Husband booked this hotel after getting word of it from someone he worked with. Outrigger on the Reef is great.Check in was later on a Saturday evening. Walked into the room and was pleasantly syrprised. Big room, king size bed, balcony that actually gave us a mini ocean view. Not too bad. Bathroom was a little small, but two average sized people could shower together. Who spends a lot of time in the bathroom when in Hawai'i? . We were near the Military museum and enjoyed that. Toured, toured toured. Loved all the things about it. Food by the pool, Chef's Hut. The breakfasts are splendid. And resonable.Met people from our home town that live only three blocks from us. Small world.Tour of the Big Island. It is a great tour and it is worth the early morning flight. Circle Island Tour was great fun and you learn all about the movies and TV shows that have been filmed there.The showers during the day were just a spit of rain and dissipated before they hit the ground.Also if you check in late there is a 24 hour Denny's close by.Construction was not a hassel for us we weren't around that oftern and inconvenience was short lived. Will definetly go back there and can't wait for the Walk to be completed.Beach great, pool clean and sunsets amazing. Staff helpful and accommodating. Shopping was great in the hotel lobby, at Ala Moana and on the Main Strip. Everything with in walking distance or a short bus ride. Buses recommended. And defintely use your Big Kahuna Bucks can get some god deals with those.So Aloha, cousin.Mahalo  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jph948
<Content>Life's a Beach in the Reef       Hotel view from the ocean  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL Outrigger is a great hotel, the rooms are spacious and clean, great restaurants downstairs and right next to the beach. The construction work was fine we didnt hear it. Staff are really helpful, you can also book excursions in the lobby. All in all, we had a really plesant stay and would definately recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Smartyfan
<Content>Great Place!!       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ldadkd
<Content>Disappointed in the room quality We just returned from a stay at Outrigger Reef, which was an add on to our week in Kauai. What a letdown. I chose this hotel because we had stayed next door at the Waikiki Shores a few years back and liked the lobby and pool area, which we were allowed to use. Since we were unable to get a room at the Shores, I thought I'd try Outrigger Reef. I felt the quality of the lobby/pool area was a good indication of what I could expect from the rooms. Boy, was I mistaken! Granted, I chose one of the cheaper rooms. It was in the the tower overlooking the pool on the 10th floor. I knew it would be small and without a great view, but expected it to be in good condition and clean. The first room we were in (non-smoking) smelled of stale smoke. It was not all that clean and the bathroom was in poor condition. The tile in the very small shower had been painted white and was chipped and peeling. The vanity was also chipped and peeling from water damage. The bathroom floor and the carpet in the room was not very clean. We complained and were moved to a different room on the 11th floor. It was slightly better (no smoke smell) and a little cleaner, but the bathroom was still in the same poor shape. At night, we were treated to bad hawaiian music from the band that played all evening until midnight or later. The construction across the street was noisy and made getting in and out of the hotel driveway a challenge. The valet parking was pricy ($18/day). And it would have been nice to have a microwave in the room to save on eating out.On a positive note, I requested extra towels and pillows and they were promptly provided and replenished in the room by the maid daily. The staff was courteous, helpful and responsive. We enjoyed breakfast daily at the Chief's Hut. The daily specials were a fantastic deal (4.99). We enjoyed a great lunch at the Shore Bird (we did not order the buffet, it didn't look too good). The hotel was conveniently located on the beach and within walking distance of many restaurants, shopping and of course your choice of several ABC stores! The pool was nice and not over crowded the time we spent there.Although I've had very good experience with Outrigger overall on many occasions, I would not recommend the Outrigger Reef. Instead, try the Waikiki Shores next door and book through Outrigger (not Castle). Be sure you get the deal that allows you use of the Outrigger Reef facilities. That way, you have the best of both worlds. A great room with full kitchen facilities and the amenities afforded by the hotel next door!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smethingsweet
<Content>Great Hotel...friendly staff...nice stay       My Partial Ocean View...beautiful!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bdjpaj
<Content>First time in Hawaii This was our first time to any island in Hawaii. The hotel was nice. It was clean, comfortable and the food was decent. The rooms are small especially the bathroom but for the two of us it was just fine. We booked several tours in advance on the outrigger activities website. I advise against doing this. Not that they don't honor it but many of the scheduled pick-up places and times had changed and we didn't know about it. Just book when you get there. There are plenty of things to do. Definately Pearl Harbor and the Diamond Head Hike. We did Paradise Cove luau. It was o.k. but extremely crowded, not my favorite. Not like the luaus you think of. Overall the trip was nice. This hotel has a great beach area not crowded at all., We walked down a bit a the beaches in front of other hotels were small and crowded. If you are planning a trip to Hawaii I would recommend Oahu for 3 nights and then on to another island for a little more peace and relaxation.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My family of four just returned from a multi-island trip to Hawaii. We stayed at the Outrigger Reef for the last two nights of our trip. This is the third time that we have been to this hotel. While I agree that the decor in the rooms is maybe a little outdated, the room was still very nice and also clean. The only downside to the room was the bathroom. It appeared to be the only thing in the room that wasn't recently updated, but it was functional. It appeared that the carpet had been recently changed and the bedding looked quite new. When we arrived at the hotel, we were much too early for check-in. The staff was quite helpful. They kept our bags, set up our car for valet parking and pre-registered us for when we returned later in the afternoon from siteseeing. When we returned later in the afternoon, we were informed that our room had been upgraded from a partial ocenview to an ocenview. We had a room with two queen beds and a hide-a-bed in the couch. We also had two balconies, one overlooking the pool and one overlooking the ocean. We also were lucky to have a room with a small kitchen complete with dishes, refrigerator, microwave and sink. The construction was noisy but not overwhelming. Let's face it, it seems that there is construction everywhere in Waikiki right now. I would definitely return to this hotel again. Great deal for a beach hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay for the price I stayed in the hotel for one week with three people. Our Room was facing the pool. The room was clean and spacious. The only down fall was the small boxy shower. The pool was not dirty. It was very clean. The beach front was great! Not crowed at all. I booked this trip through Pleasant Holidays. I believe I got my money's worth! The Shorebird was just so so. I ordered fish and chips when sitting by the pool and they where great! The staff was very helpful and treated us like queens. I rented a table and chairs on the beach this was great! If you reserve for the next day early they will give you a 10.00 discount. Go to the place with the Yellow umbrellas. Very nice guys!I would advise you not to go the Germaine's Luau! We had an awful experience there and they where not helpful. Either was a girl named Annie at the outrigger activities desk. We where attacked my termites, in our food in our hair and cloths.......400 hundred of us got out of our seats and where very uncomfortable. Nobody did anything about it. A guy named Gerald Naves from Germaine's pretended to be in charge and said your stuck here to just get use to it. Please don't waste your money at this place. They have poor business practices. My wife and children where upset and crying and there was nothing anyone would do to help us. The hotel refunded our money!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super, friendly hotel This is the second time that I've stayed at this hotel and although the construction made things a little noisy, it really didn't spoil my trip in any way. After all, how much time does anyone actually stay in their room? Once you're by the beach or the pool the noise is minimal (mostly drowned out by kids enjoying the pool or patrons cheering their team on at the pool side sports bar!), The staff here are incredibly friendly and helpful (especially the housekeeping staff) and the room was spotlessly clean on arrival and kept that way during my two week stay. This hotel is by far the cheapest on the beach and yes, that's probably reflected in the out dated decor etc. but I'd rather put up with some 80's wallpaper than pay another $200 per night. My room on this stay was booked through hotelnow[--] and cost $175 per night. It was on the 9th floor (room 959) and overlooked the pool and had a partial view of the ocean. There were two Queen size beds plus a double sofa bed - all for me!!! The food, as per the last time I stayed, was excellent and the bar and waiting staff are very attentitivie. All in all another blissful vacation at the Outrigger.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EmmaNewZealand
<Content>In need of refurbishment.. We have just spent 2 nights/3 days at this hotel. For the money we spent, I felt the hotel room standard was shabby. The bathroom was small and the shower was over a shub which was very scratched and the basin was in poor condition.We were aware that there some construction of the beach walk area but our travel agent didi not know that the entire Ocean Tower was undergoing a major refit so it was not possibel to stay in a beachfront room. Our room was on the city side and opposite the construction site. The noise started at about 6am and went all day- a good reason to get up early and get out!It was handy having a Starbucks and Juice Bar on site as we tended to eat there for breakfast. We tried the Shorebird for dinner one night where you grill your own meat on large bbq's. It was very hot and the salad bar was average.I totally recommend having a drink at the Halekulani Hotel next door at the House Without a Key Bar. The setting is fabulous and they have reasonably priced food.We had a great surfing lesson at Beach Boy Hale right outside the hotel on the beach- this is not to be missed.We did not use the pool as it looked a bit like pea soup as there were so many people using it. Instead we opted for the sea, if you swim out about 100 metres the water becomes crystal clear. Be aware the ocean floor is not beautiful sand, it is rocky and full of coral. We did see 2 turtles which was cool.I would not stay here again unless the whole hotel has been upgraded and refitted.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Americanrm
<Content>Many Roses - A Few Thorns Our family (2 adults, one 10 yr old) spent spring break of 2006 (March 11-16) at this hotel.Room was clean and functional and the room service - maid, linens, etc. - was above average. The view of the city would have been more acceptable had it not been for the constant jack-hammering from across the street, which began as early as 7:AM and continued throughout the day, ending at around 4:PM each week day. They claimed the construction was almost complete. However, from our view, it looked as though it may continue for many months.Aside from this irritation, the food, although not haute cuisine, was good - if a bit pricey. The pool and beachfront were well maintained and very accessible... most pleasant. The highlight for early evenings was a quick bite and nip at the Shorebird Restaurant, which provides patrons with a wonderful open-air view of the beach and even better views of the spectacular waikiki the sunsets. After that, it's a quick hop to the main drag and all the night life and touristie things you could possibly want.We were well-treated by staff and management and believe we got our money's worth in almost every aspect of the visit. We booked through Pleasant Holidays and were pleased with their delivery of services. We did not book a high-dollar trip. Although classified as a moderate priced booking, we were very happy with the over-all experience at the Outrigger.Bob  HollyOklahoma City  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>driagirl
<Content>Good value for hotel on the Beach, Outdated rooms My husband and I went there for our 1 year anniversary. We booked a partial ocean view. As the hotel was full, we were not able to upgrade upon check in. We stayed on the 15th floor, overlooking the pool and the view of the ocean was not that bad. First thing we noticed was the outdated decor, pink and blue. The bathroom fixtures were old and scratched but clean. The room was spacious as we had a King Bed with a couch and sitting area. The mini-fridge worked well and kept our stuff very cold. Also, the housekeeping staff were very friendly and did a good job.The hotel offers lots of free activities during the week which we participated in the Lei Making classes and Hula Lessons. We also renewed our wedding vows on the beach. I recommend participating. You must book this with the concierge desk as it's limited to 15 couples. It's usually 1st thing in the morning and lasts about 1 hour and is only offered once or twice a week. It's a great memory and they give you a certificate as a keepsake.We weren't crazy about the food. Chief's Hut offers a $4.99 breakfast which is good value. The last night we ate at the Shore Bird where you grill your own food. While the service was good, I wasn't that impressed with the salad buffet and the grill area is very warm so it's uncomfortable cooking. (The salad buffet is much better at Duke's located in the other Outrigger Hotel). I let my husband do all the work.We were also disapointed with the construction noise, not very relaxing when you are lying by the pool. We would just head to the beach, which wasn't very busy and keep our sliding door closed. Also, beware of the time share staff who are a little over friendly. If this doesn't interest you, avoid eye contact.Overall, we were happy with the services of the hotel but dissapointed with the outdated decor.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Shortypots
<Content>Great location and quaint rooms       View of the hotel from the bar  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the Jackhammer!               More photos  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best vacation we ever had. My family had the best vacation ever. The staff was great. The rooms were clean.We had so much to do at the hotel it was perfect. I loved the entertainment. The ocean was right there, the kids were always busy. We will be back real soon. It was the best.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated My girlfriend and I reserved a weeks stay here on PleasantHolidays. I think it had a 4 star or something rating. It is at best between a 2 and 3. We booked our travel and requested a king bed. We ended up getting put in this tiny room with (0.75 bath, not tub) with a queen bed. The room was about 10' X 10' (yeah, tiny) And it had decor for the 80's. The comforter was scratchy, the cheap kind you would expect at a Motel 6. While it was on the beach, and there were convenient shops inside the hotel, the two restaurants were pitiful. The drinks pricy, and the food, just terrible. Also, they are building some hotel right across the street and it is 24-7 construction. If the rating for the hotel had been a 2-3 star, I wouldn't be writing this. And my gal and I are not even that difficult to please. If you are looking for a 3-star and up hotel, look elsewhere than the Outrigger Reef. Luckily, after complaining the statff did move is to a better room, with a king bed. But it still was 3 star.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Outrigger Reef on the Beach - great My daughter, niece and I had girls week at Waikiki, Honolulu and booked our stay at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. We couldn't have picked a better location and hotel. The hotel lobby and pool area is beautiful, shops were inexpensive compared to shops on the street, even a Starbucks. The staff was great and very helpful. The hotel is right on the beach, just steps from the sand. We booked a partial ocean view and received an upgrade at no additional cost onto the 17th floor of the Pacific Tower with a good view of the ocean and pool area below from the lanai. Although the room was a little small, it was clean, no tropical insects and a great housekeeping staff. We were quickly provided with extra towels, pillows and hangers. The Shore Bird restaurant is beachside and was great fun as we grilled our own steaks with the help of our waiter and which were excellent. We also had dinner in the Ocean View restaurant with excelllent dining. I ordered a macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi with a garlic cream sauce over pasta surrounded with shrimp and scallops - delicious!! As none of us had ever been to Hawaii, we wanted to do tourist things and also have time to relax on the beach. The activities desk was very helpful helping us plan our tours. We snorkled at Hanauma Bay, took a bus tour around the island including the North Shore, went to a luau at Paradise Cove, went horseback riding and visited the Polynesian Culture Center and saw the show. I definately recommend the Outrigger Reef.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Waikiki But Construction Noise Annoying We had a multi island vacation with our first hotel the Outrigger on the Reef. I felt it was well worth the price of the room, however, was very disappointed in the construction going on across the street from us. I couldn't sleep with the lanai doors open because the banging started early. I was aware of the noise at the pool, in the room, at the restaurants. It really took away from the Polynesian atmosphere. Breakfast at the Chiefs Hut for 4.99 was fine, but we found 2 local places on Kuhio Rd. about 3 blocks away with breakfasts for under $3 (the tsunami (and you call it drinks on Mondays for $3!) Plus, because of all the business's in Waikiki, you can always find Happy Hour and Early Bird specials so dinner and drinks are very affordable. (so dont limit yourselves to the resort) I was pleased with the room because of all the closets! We had 4! Plus a frig, iron, etc. The shower was very big, however, the tiles, vanity etc was peeling off some kind of coating they had put on probably years ago. But our room was always very clean. The beach was practically non exsistent, but if you went to the North, there was a very nice big public beach. ANd of course, Waikiki Beach, crowded, but fun watching the surfers and great for people watching. The army museum next door we found interesting and didn't even have enuf time to get thru it all. Don't bother waiting for the bus to go to Hananama Bay, you'll wait forever. Deal with the limo or taxi drivers who will ask the people waiting at the bus stop if they want a ride. Several went by and offered to share the ride in the limo with other tourists for $5. The bus is $2 and saving about an hours wait is worth the extra $3 plus standing room only on the bus to Hanauma Bay.Don't miss the snorkeling, it was unbelivable! Do the same for Diamond Head. We bargained our ride down to $3 with a taxi driver.This is not a luxury resort, but if it wasn't for the construction I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rantin rover
<Content>Well located...the sunsets are free!       View from room to pool  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travelin5
<Content>Sadly Disappointed After a wonderful week on Maui, we arrived at the Outrigger Reef thinking it was the Outrigger Waikiki. In fact central reservations had assured me we were in the hotel that was across from the International Marketplace (the Reef is not). We paid $199 for an ocean view room. The staff was extremely helpful and the lobby and first floor was very nice - open, tropical. When we got to our room - and saw the stained carpet, the chipped bathroom vanity (with many stains of different colors), the peeling wallpaper and ceiling, wet towels laying in the shower stall, pieces of candy on the floor - I immediately went downstairs to see about being moved to the hotel we were supposed to be in or a switch of rooms. It was 3 p.m. and I was told everything was sold out - that he understood my concerns but there was nothing he could do. He said they would start renovations of the other tower within the year. My husband convinced me to just go with the flow - though I didn't want to use the shower, the sink or have the kids be barefoot on the carpet.  Our maid Lilia, did come and remove the towels and the candy - but could not help us locate the rancid smell coming from near the sink area (we never found out what it was). We decided to spend our time outside of the room as much as possible and enjoy the island. We did end up eating at the Chief's Hut for breakfast - it was very good and reasonable. On our last night we registered at the Shore Bird, one of the hotel restaurants, for a table near the open windows on the ocean. We were told 60-90 minutes. When we returned 60 minutes later they couldn't find our reservation! So, we waited another 90 minutes as we were too tired on a Friday night to try to find something else. That mix-up should have been our warning. Once we were seated - the service was very slow! We thought it was neat that you cooked your own meat on large grills. but after waiting for 25 minutes for the meat so we could cook it - our 13 year old said How can it take so long to give us raw meat? Our water cups were empty for 25 minutes and the kids ordered ice cream for dessert - that when it came nearly 30 minutes later was partially melted from sitting out in the ktichen waiting for our server to get it. It was a disappointing way to spend our last evening in Hawaii.  We realized that we stayed at this hotel 16 years ago. And everything was the same...for $200 a night - I expected a clean, current sleeping room. It was not. We did spend a most enjoyable day at Hanauma Bay - we highly recommend renting your snorkel equipment before you get there as the equipment they rent does leak - but the beach and the snorkeling were wonderful!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for money and a great position Our party (2 couples and 1 teenager) stayed at the hotel for six nights after spending 10 days skiing and sightseeing on the West Coast.We were all a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but were pleasantly surprised.Yes there is building work going on at the back of the hotel but as far as we were concerned this was not an issue when the balcony windows were closed and was more than compensated for by the position of the hotel, which was great. Honolulu was a lot bigger and busier than we had expected so there are many hotels now which do not have either a beach position or even an ocean view. The Outrigger not only has both but being where it is, gets the fantastic sunsets, which the hotels further round towards the Duke's statue on Waikiki Beach do not.Initially my sister and her husband were given a city view room next to the lift. Do not accept one of these, as you will spend far more time awake than asleep. When they complained, they were moved without any problem, so the reception staff are obviously used to this complaint! The room they were moved to did not have a view, but that was the only problem. The family room that my family were in had a partial ocean view room overlooking the pool - the view on the balcony one way was towards the building site but the other looked directly towards the ocean and was great. The rooms were a reasonable size and were kept very clean. The bathrooms were a bit dated but again were clean and the showers great. There was tea and coffee making facilities in the room which was much appreciated.We ate in the Ocean House 4 times and twice in the Shore Bird - 2 very different types of meal. The Ocean House was very, very good but not cheap. The food was excellent - none of us had a bad meal/course. It is worth asking about the specials as they were particularly good. The staff were very obliging and on the occasions we asked for an ocean-front table, we were given one. The Shore Bird (DIY) had a very good menu and was markedly cheaper but would not suit if you don't like barbeques! It is worth eating in the hotel at least once, just to see the sunset. People gather on the beach in front of the Ocean House just to watch them. Just check the sunset time as it happens rather fast! Please note, however, that it is worth booking well in advance (up to a day!) - particularly for the Ocean House.The lifts were a bit unpredictable - as with all hotels on the beach, you need a room key to operate them, so it was a bit of a challenge to get the key in before the lift had gone too far! Overall, we were more than happy. All the staff were very polite and willing to help when asked. The hotel was very clean and had a good variety of shops on the ground floor, including a Starbucks and Jamba Juice.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blondie223
<Content>Great hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the Outrigger Feb. 11th - Feb. 18th 2006 and had the best time. When we booked the trip a year in advance, we were not aware that Pro Bowl would be there that first weekend. Therefore, when we checked in, they could not upgrade our room, but did send us a bottle of champagne. By Monday though, Pro Bowl fans had left and it was much less busy. We were then able to upgrade our room to an full ocean view and this room was incredible also, thanks to a couple in NY who told us they were checking out the next day and we did end up getting their room. The view and the sounds were incredible. The showers are a little on the small side, but they get you clean. Our room was a nice size room. We had a king size bed and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were helpful and house cleaning on the 6th floor were so nice and kept the rooms very clean. My boyfriend and I did get engaged on this trip, so that made it an even better trip and the staff also gave us a bottle of champagne for that also.Pearl Harbor is definitely worth seeing, it is very moving and a tear jerker. If you have time, take a drive to North Shore, it is also very beautiful and the waves are worth seeing. We also did a ATV tour at Kuahla Ranch another beautiful part of the island and you see where they filmed parts of 50 First Dates, Pearl Harbor, Jurassic Park... The luau at Germaines is also another must. We had so much fun. Especially, on the bus ride there and back. Hope that you get Cousin K as your tour guide for that event, b/c he will have you laughing the whole time. Overall, the Outrigger is a great hotel, the food was wonderful. Go to the Shorebird at least once for dinner, their food is wonderful. We ate at the Chief's Hut for breakfast and that was probably our best breakfast ever. Rooms are clean and well taken care of.We had the best time in Hawaii and are going back for our honeymoon this December!!!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone!!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Car hire and water parks       desperate dans mustang/ hotel front  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hockeygurl
<Content>Nothing Special... My boyfriend (fionce as of this trip) and I had the best week in Hawaii ever. I'll start off with our hotel and then get to the activities later. We stayed at the Outrigger Reef from April 6th-13th. When booking our trip we told the agent we wanted to stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the beach, however the night before our flight we realized we were going to be in the wrong hotel. This was extremely disappointing for me bc I had spent the last 6 months reading every review on Trip Advisor for this hotel. I knew exactly what its good and bad points were. When we got there our agent had arranged for us to be moved if we wanted. After going to our room and checking the place out we decided it would be a real pain to move to another hotel. The rooms at the Reef were pretty small, especially the bathrooms but they were clean, which is the most important thing. We saw the maids on our floor on a regular basis and they were awesome, always friendly and happy. There is 3 restaurants in the hotel, we never ate at the formal one, but the other two were good. The breakfast buffet at the Shore Bird was really good. Most of our meals were at restaurants in Waikiki, we never ate at the same place twice. One place I recommend is TIKI's, it's almost straight across the Duke statue. They had really friendly staff and awesome food. We walked down to the Outrigger Waikiki and found it was way more busy than the Reef and also the beach there was so much nicer than the Reef. If you have time to eat Duke鈥檚 I would do so, food and atmosphere are great. The following are the activities we did when we were there: - Ali-Kai sunset cruise (was ok, lot of older people 鈥?we are 22  26, they make a good effort for everyone to have fun, food was good as well), Pearl Harbor/Chinatown tour (definitely wouldn鈥檛 recommend, it was boring and we spent more time waiting in line to get into the museum than time actually spent inside.), Captain Bob鈥檚 snorkel tour (AWESOME, laid back and they take their time teaching you how to snorkel, take you out into the ocean where there鈥檚 a sandbar. The water is only 3 feet deep and this is where you learn to snorkel, they then take you out to a HUGE reef ) Magic of Polynesia Show (Would not recommend, two drinks were $17, the show was not very long), Helicopter ride (Awesome, but not good if you have a weak stomach, got to see the whole island and the pilot was very informative.), Germaine鈥檚 Luau (GREAT, food was amazing, and the bus ride out there was very entertaining, this is something you can鈥檛 miss while in Hawaii.) I think those are the main activities we did. The two best things in Hawaii are the Hawaiians (soo funny and nice) and the cleanliness. I鈥檝e been to Mexico before and it doesn鈥檛 even compare to Hawaii as far as the people, safety and cleanliness.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>little advise The Reef on The Beach Hotel was fine,the construction and traffic in front of hotel is bad,but for the time actually at the hotel it was ok.The elevators are fine you just have to be smarter then the room key that operates the elevator.Two card readers in each elevator,face the strip side of the card towards the left facing wall,arrow pointing down and press floor you need.Yes you need your room key to go up the elevators.Waikiki Beach had a raw sewage spill April 5,2006.One guy died from the waters at the marina,even the locals wont go in the water and watch out for the sand its been giving people rashes.The beaches on the North Shore are much better anyways.Finaly if your renting a car for 5 days but staying 7 days,make sure they dont charge you $18 a day for 7days,they tried to be slick like that.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>e5000e
<Content>Construction Surround Sound If you don't mind being surrounded by construction, then this is your place. There is building and road work immediately outside of the hotel. And, the hotel is now closing its third tower for renovation so that may add some noise ... or not. The staff was very helpful and the hotel has a lovely, open, breezy Hawaiian entry and Lobby Level floor. If you will not be wanting to sit on a quiet patio and listen to the waves, then this should be okay ... . But it is not a 'Hawaiian postcard' experience.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler_LA
<Content>Perfect for families with small children We travelled with our 18 month old son and found the resort setting very convenient. Excellent location right on the beach within easy walking distance of tourist thoroughfares. Bus stop nearby, can take it to aquarium or even Haunama Bay. The hotel restaurants were serviceable (for kids, the buffets are a big hit). On premise coin op laundry for clothing emergencies. Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and, as others have pointed out, the room decor was out of date, but overall it was very functional for a family, including a microwave, fridge, dinnerware, two sinks, and a sleeper sofa. Two minor gripes: 1) internet access was available only in the lobby, ended up dialing in using our room telephone line, and 2) we rented a Thrifty car through the hotel activities desk, and it was awful - spent 3 hours of precious vacation time waiting to pick up/drop off car while being snarled at by the Thrifty staff.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef Great Deal / No Complaints!!!       view of room from balcony  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Record rainfull week in Hawaii Standard 2 bed rooms are very small, king size suites are great. If you don't pay for ocean front the scenery can be poor, we looked out over the roof of another tower to see the ocean. I wasn't impressed with that. The staff and employees are probably the best I have every had anywhere. They are very helpful and extremely pleasant. The location is good, right on the beach however the pool is not ocean side. The Outrigger Waikki on the Beach is down further where there is a little more action. The Chiefs Hut restaurant was very good and reasonably priced the other restautants were a little spendy. Great family place and you see people of all ages.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise in the city. We loved this hotel. It's directly on the the beach. Walk out of the hotel directly onto the sand on the beach. Awesome. We did a lot of sight-seeing while in Oahu, but the time we spent at the hotel was great. Fun, clean hotel in a great location. Could see diamond head when looking one way and the marina where they filmed Gilligan's Island from the other way. Would definately stay here again!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms need upgrading My husband and I stayed in this hotel during the second stop of our honeymoon. We were pleasantly surprised with the amenities in the hotel, shops, bar and a nice cafe by the pool. We ate in the Ocean Restaurant twice and on the first night had great service with fantastic food; the second time the food was just ok, and the service a bit lacking. We were going to eat in the grill restaurant too but that was an absolute shambles - there were lots of hostess staff but once inside we saw that they were doing very little whilst empty tables lay waiting to be cleared and the waiting staff were nowhere to be seen. This is partly because in this restaurant you have no option but to go to the grill and cook your own meat!! Either that or just eat from the salad bar. We couldn't believe there was no other option if you didn't want to cook it yourself at the grill and left before ordering.We were also very disappointed with our room, which was tired looking and felt a bit unclean, especially the bathroom floor which didn't look as though it had been properly mopped or swept. The shower cubicle was dark and dingy and the air conditioning was noisy and a bit unreliable. We also had a rotten view, looking out onto the hotel next door, so spent very little time in the room. The elevators didn't work very well either - they just would not stop on our floor and go straight down, we had to ride upstairs every single time before being able to get to the lobby! The pool area is also a bit tired, and not in the best location as there are lots of high buildings towering over it.Overall this hotel was ok but we think it would be pretty easy to find somewhere nicer for the same money and are unlikely to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reviews are Misleading I travel quite a bit and like the Hyatt, Marriot, Hilton styles of hotels. I am not too picky, but also I don't settle for 2nd best if I can help it. The reviews on Trip Advisor and Expedia made this place seem top of the line. And for the $160 a night city view I thought I will totally try this hotel out. I got 2 rooms, for 7 of us. We usually stay at the Waikiki Marriot, but decided on this (and saving about $80 a night).BOY WERE WE CRAZY TO DO THIS! We checked in at 10pm after a long direct flight from Az to HI. We were NOT happy once in the room. The lobby looked great, but once upstairs I was not happy. We had 2 adjoining rooms and they both were so different, yet the same. Their set up  lay out was different, but the element was the same. Lots of weird colored stains on the carpet, couch, headboard and comforter. Then a musty old smell. I really had a huge fear of bedbugs while staying here, and I have NEVER had that feeling before at any other hotel. Room service stops at 10pm and all shops downstairs are closed. No mini bar. So we went to bed with no food or drinks. The bathroom was TINY. And the shower is 1/2 the size of a regular one, but with a door that can barely open and the shower itself looks like it had been shipped over from a 3rd World Country Hotel. The toilet paper holder fell off the wall when my son went to pull the piece of toilet paper off. The view of the city was of construction. We were scared to lean on the railing, so fear it may fall.Overall it is all very very old, and I know they are renovating slowly...but man according to reviews, this place should have been nicer. I mean we are on this great family Hawaiian vacation  to be presented with this dumpy room that looks like a heard of frat boys went crazy in is dumbfounded. I could expect this from a hotel under $100 a night. But an Outrigger hotel that is on the beach, I would not have guessed. This is really was a $40 truck stop room. Don't get me wrong the restaurant, location  lobby are NICE...not the rooms. Or at least the city view.So after 1 night we checked out  went to the Marriot Waikiki Beach Hotel, which was HEAVENLY. I was very happy once there. I also was told there was 3 other families that moved their stay from the Outrigger within the last 24 hours.So lesson is, $160 on the beach in Waikiki will look like a $40 truck stop room. Now $220 will look like a luxury hotel  make you enjoy your vacation. It is all about what you can afford I guess, but the reviews making this place seem luxurious are totally FALSE. Beware if you are like me and enjoy a nice hotel with great amenities.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HawaIrvine_CA
<Content>Good Hotel..but... Hello.We stayed at this hotel March 8th-13th. For the price compared to other hotels right on the beach, it's a pretty good deal. The rooms were clean, however rather small. The bathrooms were pretty small too. The rooms look old and a little run-down, yet clean. We didn't visit the pool at all. It was a little small and very crowded. Diddo for the jacuzzi. What we liked most about it was its location. It's about a 5-10 min walk to the Int'l Marketplace, and its got its own beach. The restaurants however were great. The bar and the Ocean's restaurant have great athmosphere, views, good food and excellent service. If you're not planning on spending too much time at in your room or at the pool  are out enjoying the sites  nature, then you can't beat this hotel's value.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nicki5
<Content>We loved it... We stayed at the outrigger and we loved it. Yes the rooms are a little old but they were clean and had everything you needed. The staff were very helpful and to just walk out onto the beach was brilliant. The location is great, entertainment was free and as we got married during our stay they really looked after us. We ate in the two of the restuarants and couldnt fault either.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay at Outrigger Reef       Henry and Brenda  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We just returned from a stay here. The hotel was very nice, except we had a city view room, which I would not recommend because there's about 4 hotels being built nearby and we were woken up by the construction noise. The hotel otherwise is great, there's a handful of shops in the hotel, the restaurants are all nice - two have a beautiful view of the ocean. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mom_in_butte
<Content>Great Stay at the Outrigger Reef Just returned tonight from the Outrigger Reef and had a great stay. Not sure why there were some poor reviews before - we found it to be clean and bright, and the staff extremely helpful (same 9th floor housekeeper -she was GREAT!). Like the previous review, we had a Partial Ocean View (highly recommended). We could watch the surfers in the morning and the evening from our balcony. And from our room we could hear the evening music from the Aloha Lounge and had a see the hula dancer - nice touch. We were also on the 9th floor, but not down at the end. I found our bathroom to be quite large, and the shower stall about the same as my standard shower stall at home, maybe a little bigger. A few chips in the sink but otherwise o.k. Only down side I would have to say was the hard bed (wish I would have got the topper). The construction was not a big issue as we were usually up early and they quit by 4:30 or 5:00. Our first two nights were spent at the other end of the beach where even without construction it is MUCH noisier. The Outrigger Reef is away from Kalakua so you don't get the constant hum of traffic, sirens etc. And the beach to the Hilton side of the hotel is huge and sandy if you want to get out of the rocks. One must do is to walk to the Hilton Hawaiian Village (short walk) on Friday night and check out the free show and fireworks. One maybe/maybe not is the Outrigger Catamaran - make sure you get a coupon, barely worth the $20 never mind the $30 they ask without coupon. They will try and talk you into the $5 shaker (+$2 for the drink) instead of the $2 cocktails - big ripoff. Pretty sure it was straight juice - enjoy the ride, forget the drinks. Or have a pop for $1. Still a decent ride on the ocean but only go on a HOT day when the splash of the ocean would be refreshing and fun rather than just cold. Also, wasn't a big fan of the Shorebird, though many are. Very smokey where you cook your meat, and the person at the grill wasn't all that helpful about how to cook the MahiMahi. Maybe just a bad night. We enjoyed the Chief's Hut much better - reasonably priced, music in the evening, by the waterfalls/lagoon. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay - quiet end of the beach, great staff, would love to go back when the beachwalk is done construction. Wouldn't hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Teeny, clean room (also mention some Oahu tips) My husband and I stayed in a partial ocean-view room for one night. The hotel is in an area with a great deal of construction, and the beach access is convenient, but not the best of beaches. Take a walk just a bit further down, and find a cleaner (and quieter) beach. Or, better yet, go to Hanauma Bay (more on that later). The staff was *very* friendly, except those that work at the travel desk. When we arrived, we were told that they had little information about our needs (we had booked on Priceline, and had been quoted for a room with one king or two double-beds). They upgraded us to a non-smoking, king room with a partial-ocean view. There is free wireless at this hotel, in the lobby only. Just ask the front desk for a 'code.'  The hotel was busy with the tourist crowd, but the room was quiet, albeit small. The bed took up about 2/3 of the room! :) A few highlights for your trip:- Sam Choy's restaurant is AMAZING for a fine dining experience (Pacific Rim cuisine)- Visit 'Leonard's Bakery' for fresh, hot malasadas (Portugese pastries)- Seabird Tours - coupon in 'Best of Oahu' (pick up at concierge desk or in lobby) for $12 round trip transport and gear to snorkel at Hanauma Bay- Polynesian Cultural Center - don't spend extra for the 'Ambassador' package unless you can't navigate yourself around a theme park; don't take a tour with Rob (Samoa)- Paradise Cove luau is MUCH better than the one at the Polynesian Cultural Center, or anywhere else!- Chinatown is a lot of fun for an afternoon walk or for a photo-shoot- Go to Hanauma Bay early, early in the morning (otherwise the water becomes cloudy from swimmers)- Take a hike with 'Oahu Nature Tours' - Mike, the owner, is extremely knowledgeable and helpfulHave a wonderful time! Aloha!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TwoDRs
<Content>Mostly Pros, a couple of Cons       View of pool from our room, massage is offered in that little hut, 3 hot tubs available  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BaronTR
<Content>Ok for now/probably better later I won a trip to the Pro Bowl which included a stay at the Outrigger Reef for 3 nights. The thing that stood out when I went to start writing this is that nothing stood out. The staff was nice and took care of a couple of small issues. It is on the beach, but other areas have more sand and less small rocks. The meals we ate there were decent, and the breakfast specials at the pool side restaurant offered good value, but weren't memorable. The room had a pool/partial ocean view, but was just a standard hotel room otherwise. As the construction work around the hotel gets done and the hotel itself gets updated, it may end up more of a destination, but for now, I'd only suggest it if you can get a deal. One note: If you booked any tours, etc... before hand, definately check where you'll be picked up. The location may have changed due to the contruction in the area.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was ok . . . . The staff was very nice, the rooms are old, but I understand they are going to be renovated soon. For the money and the location, I guess it was ok. Good area to walk, beach right out door and shops very close by.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AFwife2406
<Content>Outtrigger Reef on the Beach not too bad We literally just got back from the Reef today and are back home. After reading all these reviews I wasn't sure what to expect, but it turned out not too bad after all. The employees are more then friendly, we were honeymooning and they sent us a bottle of champange and macadamia nuts complientary which was sweet. When we got to our room though, I wasn't too pleased. It was a standard room, not even a balcony. I didn't really feel like I was in Hawaii it just seemed like a standard Holiday Inn, except the difference is Holiday Inn's are $60 a night, unlike this $255 a room. So after a few complaints to my husband, he went to the front desk and upgraded our room for an extra $40 a night. It was well worth it we were on the 4th floor overlooking the pool, the room was twice the size of the first room. Overall after that I was pleased. The only negative side of the hotel was the bathrooms, they were small and looked pretty old and could use some remodeling.Other then that, I was really pleased with the hotel room. I mean we couldn't beat the location it was right on Waikiki beach. The restaurants are good, we would eat at Chiefs Hut every morning for the breakfast special since it was only $4.99 everyday and different varieties. The Shorebird was nice, except be prepared to cook your own meat. I think it's fun but others might not agree. They have great lava flows for drinks and entertainment at nighttime.The hotel also has other needs like gift shops and a pantry right on the ground level. This hotel isn't a five star by any means, but if your not to picky and want a hotel close to the beach I recommend this hotel. Would i stay here again? Probably not only because my husband is in the military and we can get fantastic rates at the Hale Koa next door to the Reef. If were weren't though I would consider it again. I've stayed at the Hiliton Hawaiian Village and as standard as the Ohana Islander Hotel so all in all it was a great trip and were already planning a return to the island next year. Were 22 and 23 years old but this is one thing that we like to do is travel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful holiday We stayed at Outrigger Reef on the Beach in Honolulu and absolutely loved it. We don't usually stay in the better hotels but because I have some problems with walking as the day progresses we decided that we needed to pick a hotel on the beach. We read a lot of reviews indicating that the rooms were small etc. so we were somewhat worried. We asked for a non-smoking, kingsize bed in a lower cost standard room. When we arrived the room was a smoking room with a queen-size bed and they explained that the requested room is never guaranteed. I was a bit disappointed but we had a balcony and if you looked to the left, you could see the ocean and beach. It wasn't a big stretch of ocean but we didn't pay for an ocean-view room so we were pleasantly surprised. We could hear the ocean and that was a real plus.We'd heard about the construction and how noisy it was but though it is true that there is a lot of construction in the Waikiki area, we didn't choose to let it bother us. We heard the ocean and not the construction. It was wonderful to be able to step out of the hotel and step onto the beach. I would recommend that you take along some beach shoes because the rocks in the water are bad on your feet.It is true that you pay $30.00 a day to rent two chairs and an umbrella for the day but that is a choice that you make. The pool and pool area are wonderful and there were always chairs available.My husband took a free pool scuba-diving lesson. Get a letter from your doctor if you have high blood pressure and want to take the lesson.Our cleaning lady was wonderful and we left her $3.00 on our pillow daily.The hotel gave us free champagne because it was our 35th anniversary. Because we decided to extend our visit another 5 days,they also gave us one free land lesson for surfing and a free two hour rental of a surf board that my husband really appreciated. We were close to a Denny's and were able to walk to many other eating locations that were not too highly priced. It is true that Hawaii is expensive but we knew that before we went. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if the price doesn't go up for the cheaper rooms. We can't afford the more expensive rooms.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Chiliwidle
<Content>Good for the Price       Free Pud!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel       ShoreBird Cafe  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Slickd23
<Content>Nice location, but nothing specail       Flowers at the hotel  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leggyreeny
<Content>Scenery in Hawaii well worth the trip! January 26,2006We just spent a week in the Outrigger Reef on Waikiki Beach. Loved our room with the partial ocean view, we could watch the surfers in the ocean any time of the day! Overlooking the pool from the 8th floor,we also could see the entertainment dancers from the Aloha Lounge from our balcony(Room 855). We took the Circle Island Tour of Oahu, Germaines Luau, The Arizona Memorial and City Tour. We found all of them to be well worth the time. This was our first trip to Hawaii and we found it quite wonderful. The people and the scenery were great!!! It is expensive but you just need to check around to save yourself some money.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Slickd23
<Content>Nice hotel, Good location       Flowers at the hotel  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef on the beach made my first trip to Hawaii a great experience! My boyfriend and I came to Hawaii in June and stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. We found the accomodations to be clean and comfortable. The staff was very helpful. The only problem we had was the people next to us were making a lot of noise one night into the early morning, but I called in a complaint and they took care of it right away. All of the restaurants in the hotel had great food. There are several shops within the hotel for any needs that you may have. There was construction going on outside the hotel, but it did not affect us in any way. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travel23
<Content>Not what I was expecting       View from room on 11th floor  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jdublyou
<Content>More thn pleasantly surprised After reading hundreds of reviews for this hotel, we were cautiously optimistic and now, pleasantly surprised. My wife, 5 year old daughter and I expected a spartan room but great beach access. The Reef was sold out due to the golf tournament, but we were delighted to get a complimentary upgrade to a City View (junior) suite, that overlooked the pool area and had a nice sidelong view of the beach. Very cool little lanai to sit in the evenings and settle in after the day and before dinner.Many of the reviews we read spoke to a certain deterioration of the property; particularly the rooms and bathrooms. Yep. They're small and they were small when they were built. But we found that the 'lived in' quality of the overall facility lent itself to a certain character that we enjoyed. We've stayed in budget hotels in Acapulco and 5 stars on the Mayan Riviera. I don't know, but the high end resorts tend to have a sterile quality and the dives are an exercise in 'getting what you pay for. I thought the O Reef was a nice compromise.The absolute defining factor was the staff. These people work hard and genuinely make you feel welcome. Example: Our maid, Lori became a friend, always asking our daughter about her day. I felt badly about getting sand on the carpet from a beach bag. I didn't notice it til I picked up the bag to go back to the beach the next day. On the way out I mentioned it to Lori and she said...You have a great vacation....I'll worry about the sand!One anomaly for us was the Shorebird. It looked like a cool restaurant but always a tedious wait for a good reservation. I am willing to acknowledge that we may have just gotten there on a bad night. But my thoughts upon leaving the one night we did eat there was that Customer service stops at their front door. It might have been that we were spoiled by the rest of the hotel staff, but we found the shorebird employees were officious, curt and generally not helpful. From the hostess to the server we felt that we were just bodies moving through and they were more interested in just getting us fed and out the door and on to their next tip. It is hugely over priced and there are many very good restaurants within walking distance. But, you don't get the spectacular view of the beach at sunset. My suggestion if you want to go there, make an early reservation and bring a huge appetite, resist the pressure to order and eat quickly and make the most of a very pricey meal with indifferent staff. Of note: our server volunteered that the Shorebird was a separate entity from the hotel itself and I guess that was to explain why the service was less than acceptable.Conversely, the Chief's Hut is a hoot. Prices are reasonable, the staff is great and if you go there for breakfast, please say 'aloha' to the hostess Gail for us. She is wonderful. So is the Mahi Mahi.We tried a few of the excursions. I won't do that again. For the most part, our best moments were on the beach or the pool at the hotel and just walking around to see the sights. The tours we took were so structured and confined that we felt like calves in a cattle drive. Suggestion: If you want to take a tour or see the sights, such as Hanauma Bay (highly recommended for snorkeling) or Pearl Harbor, rent a car for the day and avoid the necessary control issues, the high prices and the extra time that an organized tour requires.Overall we had a great time. As is the sign of any good vacation, it was just too short.It is a comfortable, quality place to retreat from a cold winter. The people there are a treat. We'll go back and stay longer.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beenthere777
<Content>Beautiful hotel and views! This was our first stay in Hawaii and we really enjoyed this hotel. The daily performances in the lobby were varied and very entertaining and interesting. From singing to hula dancers to wonderful jewerly displays. The hotel staff were always helpful and efficient. We would definatly stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BOOKEM DANNO My husband and I loved the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. The customer service is excellent and the Aloha Spirit is everywhere. We were upgraded to the Ocean Tower and received a wine basket for our 25th wedding anniversary. The restaurants are great and the prices were reasonable. We loved the Shorebird view and my husband loved cooking his own steaks. We did not want to leave and will return to the Outrigger Reef ASAP!Mahalo Outrigger Reef!!!Janie  Gary  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cajunone
<Content>What an added bonus!! We were given this trip as a Christmas bonus from my Boss.So we didn't get to research and pick our hotel. But, we were so please with this hotel. Overall excellant,great smiling faces by staff. Vallet (these guys weregreat, running for your car and ready to answer allour 1st timer questions). Starbucks, ABC store, hotel stores, awesome restaurants, beach with great sunsets and sunrises, entertainment everynight--- all right there. Great location for shopping heaven. Walking on the beach at sunrise and sunset, words could not express. Our room was in the Diamond head tower, we were given an upgrade for a partial view. The room was small, but perfect for 2 adults, very clean, neat, well decorated with island style.Everything you needed in a room you will not be in much. The bathroom was beyond small,no tub, no space for your personnal items. But, the rest of our stay here, everything was so wonderful, I soon forgot about the bathroom. We would stay here again. Just right****  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Anniversary--Loved Outrigger Reef My husband and I were there for our 16th wedding anniversary and we absolutely loved it. It was our first time in HI and we were treated very well. The view from our room was great. The atmosphere was great. All of the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. We hope to be able to return in the future with our kids.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It, Loved It, Loved It!!!! My friend and I stayed here over Christmas and had the best time ever! We are two single girls who were looking to get away from the snow, relax on the beach, and have our first warm Christmas. The hotel exceeded our expectations and was a lot nicer than the picture shows. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The location was excellent and everything was in walking distance. The rooms were a bit smaller than we expected but we really didn't care. We only needed them to sleep!! We would definitely visit this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel          Diamond head the reef's beach  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected If I go were to go back to Honolulu, I would certainly not stay at the Outrigger. We are a young couple without kids, but the room was very small (queen bed with 3 feet space around the bed, no space to put our luggages...). The bathroom was EXTREMELY small, no tub, small shower (my head touched the ceiling), toileterie almost under the sink. And last but not least, the room was just above the kitchen of the Shorebird restaurant...very noisy! Even as guest of the hotel, you are charged for everything: parking lot (18$ a day), seat on the beach (35$ a day)... And if you need a late check out due to a flight scheduled late at night, it is another 100$!!!But the restaurants located at the hotel are good and you can eat decently for only 11,95 (salad bar all you can eat at Shorebird). McDonald across the street, Denny's and ABC store everywhere. Very convenient. The hotel also organizes a lot of acticities funny for everybody (lei crafting, Ukulele, Hawaiian dancing...).Sorry for my English, but we are from Europe (Belgium)  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very average hotel I have to agree with the DC review below (Nov 22). The hotel has a decent location but the hotel rooms definitely need a face lift. And please fix the elevators. There was alot of construction and hotel staff noise. The restaurants are good but $30/day for a lounge chair on the beach when you're a guest!? The condo I stay at in Maui is cheaper with an awesome view and the beach is way better and less crowded. I would look at staying at the Sheraton up the road when I come again. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I never wanted to leave I just returned from a wonderful week in Waikiki Beach. The Outrigger Reef Hotel was perfect for my traveling group. The hotel is located on the beach,right in the middle of lots of activities ie;sailboat rides,surfing lessons,kayak rentals,etc.The staff was incredibly nice and helpful.There are 3 activity booths on site to make tour/day trip plans with,and all were very helpful.The hotel has a casual, friendly atmosphere, 3 resturants,2 bars and several shops all located around the open air lobby. I booked thru a conference and the rates were very reasonable $168 per night for a 2nd floor room with a private patio that opened up to a larger terrace w/lounge chairs that over looked the pool...the regular rate for that room was only $195 per night (week of 11/12-11/19). Our room was large w/2 dble beds,pull out sofa,table and 2 chairs.and a decent sized bathroom. We were flying out late night so for $100 we got a late check-out room until 6:00pm.That was on the 11th floor...next to elevator..much smaller room,but ok for a couple on a budget. There is still construction going on across the street,but our rooms were right across the street and we couldn't hear it at all when our patio door was closed (sleeping in the a.m.)The hotel is within walking distance to all the best shopping in Waikiki,from Chanel to the International Market and 100's of places to eat (Denny's or McDonalds are across the street for fast,cheap food)...I had a great time not only exploring all that Oahu has to offer..but the staff and the visitors at the hotel and everywhere we went on the island made us feel like these are our friends and this is our home even though we only spent 1 week in Oahu. The genorosity and spirit of the people of Hawaii was just as unforgettable as the breathtaking landscape of the island.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed I can not say that if I were to go back to Honolulu I would stay at the Outrigger. The hotel was not HORRIBLE, but I can only give it a C. We paid over $100 additional per night to upgrade to an oceanview room, and the room was average size, at best. The bathroom was EXTREMELY small. It was not big enough for a tub. There was only a small shower, and a very small basin area. There was no room for toiletries. I was also not happy that in order to get a seat on the beach, you had to pay $30 a day or $10 per hour. We were also told that our parking was not a problem since we were a guest, and when it came time to checkout we found out it we were charged $17+ per day for parking. The one good thing about the hotel is that there are a lot of things located in the hotel, like various stores, Starbucks, and it is right across from a McDonald's if Island food begins to get to you. The restaurants in the hotel are EXCELLENT as well.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient and good service We stayed at the Outrigger Reef in Waikiki for five days. The hotel was better than we expected and the service was pretty good although the hotel was fully booked. The room we had was large and had a view to the city and the mountains. The view would have been much nicer if it weren't for the nearby consturction site. The bathroom was small and could use a renovation. It looked like they forgot about the bathroom when they renovated the room. You can't beat the location. It's close to everything. The beach wasn't that crowded either considering the hotel was fully booked. We ate at the Seaside bar and restaurant once. The food was okay and the service was good. Unless you get there early or late, it's hard to get a table. The information desk was very helpful. The elevators were slow and noisy. Overall, it wasn't bad for the rate we got and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CPE
<Content>Good Hotel A good hotel with nice rooms. Great central location, right on the beach with great bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise       sunset  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Birdsfan2
<Content>We love the Reef On the Beach We have stayed at this hotel many times and have never had a bad experience. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful, and when available they have upgraded our room free of charge. The rooms we've had weren't real large but were clean and more then sufficent for two people. On a few of our stays we had corner rooms which meant we had two lanais one gave us an ocean view and the other was a pool/city view so you could say we had the best of both worlds. The three restaurants(The Chiefs Hut, The Shorebird, and The Ocean House) vary in price but we found them all to be very good and well worth the money, and the sunset views are priceless. The pool and surrounding area was always clean and well maintained. While spending time at the pool each day we never noticed any noise from the large construction site nearby. The beach can get crowded and when you enter the ocean it is a bit rocky but manageable with water shoes. So we highly recommend this hotel and are already looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and Bad I went to Hawaii with my sister and a friend. We went to the Big island and Honolulu. We stayed at Outrigger hotels both places and the hotel in Kona was absolutely wonderful, wish I could say the same for the outrigger reef on the beach. The hotel itself is not too bad, but there a lot of other negative points. For starters, we had booked a standard room, and upon check-in, we were informed that we had been upgraded to a city-view room , which was bigger at no charge. Naturally we were thriled. Well the room was average size, dread to think what size the standard room is and the city view was a view of Mcdonalds and a construction site. Can't complain because we had booked a standard room. The bathroom was small with a very small shower and no place to put toiletries or and othe vanity products. The Swimming pool was average size and was shared by guests of another partner/sister hotel. The pool area was very small to accomodate that many people. The worst thing was the beach. I have never been to a hotel where there is a private beach having to pay to rent a sun-bed and an umbrella. That was a shock and absolutely ridiculous.. $30 for the day or $10 for an hour. I have travelled to a lot of places and at any beach hotel sun-beds and umbrellas is part of the service. We were totally disgusted by that. Best thing to do, if you want to lay on the beach, grab a towel from the pool side and lie on it. That's what we did!!The good - The beach restaurant/bar was nice and the night entertainment was good. The staff were friendly as well.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoldenGnome
<Content>Honeymoon from Hell 2005 We stayed at the Outrigger Reef after booking through a travel agent in England we were under the impression that the room on the the main website would be a similar size room to what we were getting in September 2005 for our honeymoon. What a surprise we got!! We got treated appaulingly at reception after previously emailing the hotel to inform them that we were on honeymoon and that we'd like some special arrangements making regarding the room and were told that on check in we'd be assisted. Totally the wrong advice, on check in we were given a small box room facing another building. We could hear the sea but could not see it it was like staring at 4 brick walls and the bed was pushed up against the patio doors. The room was poorly arranged and the bathroom was so tiny that a large person would not have fit through the shower opening in the wall. It was terrible, you think you are going to Hawaii for the best service ever and instead you get Guest Services staff acting really unhelpful and telling you to 'let them speak' when faced with a problem. I have since contacted the hotel via email to inform them about a certain member of staff and it's been a few months now and they can't even be bothered to get back to me to explain or apologize. We never once got a mention in the hotels Newsletter but every other Honeymooning couple got listed and towards the end of our holiday we received a mis-directed phone call that was put through to our room from reception at 6.30am!! I could not believe the incompetence. We were eventually given an alternative 'standard room' which was considerably bigger than the 'box room' but faced the huge building site accross near McDonalds. Noise Noise and more Noise. Oh and they don't tell you but you have to pay for your parking each day even as a hotel guest, ground rent is very expensive in Oahu we were told by locals. $17.50 PER DAY which is a rip off so don't be fooled as they will take as much money off you as they can. They wanted an extra $45 dollars per night off us they said to upgrade us from the small box room to a city view. Please don't be fooled stick your ground and they will have no choice but to move you. Oahu is a beautiful place we enjoyed our time out of the hotel but I know one thing when we go back to the island we will pick one of the better hotels and stay clear from this hotel group.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad honeymoon We booked our honeymoon in November 2004, to Las Vegas and Hawaii departing on 10th October 2005. We booked a week in the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas and a week at the Outrigger reef on the beach at Waikiki beach, Hawaii. The balance of our honeymoon was paid off 12th April 2005. We then had a phone call from Thomson鈥檚 in Lancaster, on 21st September, to say that they had received a letter from Premier Holidays and that there are 鈥榠mprovement programmes鈥?underway, but not to worry as 鈥榯his would not adversely affect our holiday鈥? After going to Thomson鈥檚 to discuss the matter further I then find out that there are no options open to us other than to move to the Hilton Hawaiian village hotel at a charge to us of 拢294.50. That Premier Holidays had had no complaints as the work had actually started in April 2005. I asked why it had taken them 5 months to pass this information on to us and Premier Holidays said that it isn鈥檛 there fault it is there handling agents that haven鈥檛 passed the information on to them. I wanted to know what exact building work was going on and Premier confirmed that 2 side streets where closed and the path was being rebuilt.I decided that I couldn鈥檛 make the decision myself that I would have to speak to my husband to be and that I would check tripadvisor.com to see if other travellers had had any problems with the noise. I found that it wasn鈥檛 just a pavement being rebuilt but hotels where being built right opposite the Outrigger Reef and this could be heard in the Outrigger reefs pool area. The building work started at 6.30am everyday apart from Sunday. I put these findings forward to Leanne, in Customer Services at Premier Holidays and they knew nothing of a hotel being built and were not prepared to help in anyway. If we wanted to move hotels we had to pay. I asked if Premier could guarantee us a room at the Hilton on the beach as we had already booked with the Outrigger being on the beach but they said they were not able to do that. I thought that this could at least be a sorry we didn鈥檛 let you know earlier and yes we can do that for you, but no. We decided to move to the Hilton Hawaiian Village to make sure that our honeymoon was not disturbed at 6.30am every morning. When we got to Hawaii they are building 2 hotels straight opposite which we have video footage and photographs attached. The noise was horrendous and not all rooms looked over the beach. Even though 鈥榯he project is taking place at the rear of the hotel鈥?the rooms still overlook it therefore will be able to hear the noise. Whilst over in Hawaii we picked up a booklet from one of the street vendors, which advertises restaurant and excursions etc it also has maps of Waikiki and the roads concerned in the building work. It鈥檚 odd how they have advertised this in a brochure yet the handling agents for Premier Holidays didn鈥檛 know anything about the hotels being built. My biggest points are:1.Why were we not told in April when the building work started so that we could change flights to the other Hawaiian Islands. We were told in September and by this time could not change any flight details.2.Not offered any apology or help to change details of our booking they left it all to Thomson鈥檚 in Lancaster, who even rang through to Hawaii to check details for us at the Hawaiian Village.I find it very bizarre how a company can operate this way with out finding out all the correct details before passing these over to their clients.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beanoes
<Content>Beautiful location, bog standard room My new husband and I stayed at this hotel as part of our first two nights of our 21 night honeymoon, and although the actual hotel is nice, the room we were allocated was very dingy and in need of redecoration (although it was extremely clean). We had a crisis at the start of our honeymoon, in that my husband's suitcase did not arrive at the airport in LAX, we spent our two days looking for essential clothes for my husband and speaking to SIMON on the payphone. Although we had explained our situation to reception staff they did not seem to care and pointed us towards the payphones, they almost seemed relieved to see the back of us. It was not until we joined our NCL cruise ship that we received some direction in who could help us locate our suitcase (we received it 11 days later in Maui). Whilst trying to locate our suitcase at the Outrigger, we tried to being some normality to our honeymoon by booking a trip to Pearl Harbour at the venues desk - however, the bus forgot to pick us up!!!!!!! I must say that the bar overlooking the beach is fantastic, the atmosphere and venue is beautiful and the evening entertainment is superb.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>debbielasvegas2004
<Content>Great Place on the Beach       Partial Ocean View  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KimWright
<Content>Crusty and moldy Hotel is centrally located - but that's about all it's got going for it. Cleanliness was certainly not a top priority here. Our room had crusty stained carpet, enough mold in the shower to start growing some new science experiment and the pigeons walking on the tables where people eat outside were nasty - some were obviously diseased - GROSS. The pool water was always cloudy with band-aids and other assorted yuk floating in it. At the pool bar you could not charge a drink to your room unless you produced a credit card and picture id - which of course is the whole purpose of charging a drink - so you don't have to carry that stuff around with you. Same story at the spa - made an appointment for a pedicure, gave them my room number then they asked for a credit card to hold the appointment - sheesh how desperate are they for money? The hotel ought to spend it on some bleach and scrub brushes...We've traveled to third world countries where the rooms were 10 times nicer and CLEANER - to summarize NEVER AGAIN would I stay there nor would I recommend it...  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh so wonderfull...BUT... After waiting 10 years to achieve a dream vacation with my college girl friend we chose a package deal that included the Outrigger Reef.We had never been to Hawaii. The hotel staff were wonderful in helping with check-in, baggage and directions. The room was very basic with a mensicule bathroom (half bath tub/shower stall and no vanity or place to put toiletries) Our room faced overlooking the new construction, and yes it was noisy, but we did not spend a lot of time in the room.The stores were nice, the hot tub and other public facilites kept clean. Other encounters...The hotel has two beachfront resturants. The one is great for breakfast, lunch or late evening drinks with live music. However the Ocean resturant was a GREAT disappointment.We brought a special bottle of wine from South Africa. We took it to dinner at the Ocean and after asking the waiter and then the manager we were told that they had a policy of no corkage fee. We could not be served our wine honoring our special evening.The Manager took the wine and kept it cold for us The Manager commented  Looks like you will hold it against us all evening! He cited that it was the owners decision..??Outrigger, a hotel chain/time-share has a single owner to a hotel resturant???..curois! We then got very mediocre service with well prepared food. We chose to enjoy our wine and dessert on the beach after dinner and drank water with our meal...wondering why a popular world renouned resort lacked customer service. At the end of our meal we were given our change in a stack of $1.00 dollar bills!!! Drinking wine on the beach IN FRONT OF the Ocean resturant in lovely clothes and chomping truffles turned out to be memorable as we laughed off the dinner and felt so very sorry for our Server.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time !!! We stayed at the Reef for two weeks. The hotel was great, it has a good location, freindly staff, nice pool  hot tub areas. The construction noise from across the street was not that bad. The only problem that we had was a clogged shower drain, but that was fixed within twenty minutes. As for a four star rating, I would think that it is do to the hotels beach front location  amenities. I would recomend staying at the Reef Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fakehips
<Content>OMG!! Cant Wait to go back there!!!! OKAY................This is MY TWO LITTLE CENTS....about staying at The Reef! Loved it, Loved it ,Loved it!!! Let me tell you, Me and my Aunt stayed at the Reef over the Labor Day weekend Holiday.......from the 4th-7th.  With our package, we had a FULL OCEAN VIEW ROOM.......which was OUTSTANDING!!!!!! Actually, breathtaking.....recommend this to ANYONE, spend the extra and go for it.......omg! We were on the fifth floor....and to put it into perspective, we were right above where that lady plays the ucalaley (sp) and teaches the hula. Because we were on the 5th floor, we slept EVERY NIGHT with the sliding glass doors open, and my Aunt ( who is a recent widow from April), laid in the bed close to the doors, and EVERY morning, said she just couldnt get enough of the LOUD waves coming from the ocean. Its was so relaxing. We also had the Big Kahuna package, which including several little knick knaks and a tote, and a cd, little things like that, but the Big Kahuna for me was the breakfast buffet that came with the package! OMG! Shorebird Bar is right down stairs, and yes, its true.........is open and right on the beach, and there is EVERYTHING you could imagine to eat.and eat to your hearts content! They have this thing where they give you this reserve sign, and you find a table thats empty and put it on there, and go fix your plate! Even though its ALL open, with birds fly around LITERALLY...........try to get a table thats right by the openess of the beach! NOTHING like it! We ate beachside EVERY DAY....maybe we were lucky, people we always either leaving, or it was empty, and the place was ALWAYS packed!!! Actually, we ended up having extra tickets for 2 days for 2 people, and when we were waiting for the shuttle back to the airport, we looked for people just arriving, and we gave them away! We couldnt bare them to go to waste!We did the Germaines Luau....too funny! The 2 1/2 hr cruise thingy....nice views, but too rokcy of a ride for me....we only went becasue it has activites to do, and my aunt wanted to learn how to make leas (sp)..... Actually......theres this little mall that you walk through to get to the ship, and I would have REALLY like to have stopped there and shop, because I saw some stuff that I would have boaught in one of the windows of a store, but we had to hurry to catch the transportaion back to the hotel! Lastly, we .......yes we did..........went to see Don Ho!!!! I know, I know......we went for a laugh.....but actually, the man has recently been sick and he came down before the show and took pictures with the people and went back to his hotel...It was at the Wakiki Beachcomber. But the show WAS entertaining, but would ONLY recomend if youve had a couple a drinks and have nothing else to do.lolYes, there was contsruction, but not at the hotel when WE stayed. There was construction down the street, and around the corner by the ABC, but it didnt bother us. Thw reason why WE liked it so much, is beacuse its so centrally located to EVERYTHING. My aaAunt has had a quadruple by-passs, and I PURPOSELY wanted to stay somewhere, that when we HAD to walk, AND YOU DO..................that we were right in the thick of it all! And, All the designer shops, it reminded me of Michigan Ave in Chicago, as Im from Illinois!. Aunt C didnt complain, when she wanted to rest from walking, we just sat down.and shes 65, and the short walks to and fro didnt bother her ONE BIT!So, Im telling YOU ALL THIS..Im looking at my calender to determine WHEN Im going back there...I would stay nowhere else for the value....Im saving my pennies NOW, cause Im going back to the Reef.....but once again, GET AN OCEAN VIEW ROOM!!.....include it when you are planning, dont even THINK about upgrades!!! Even if you have to cut out some other activity exspense, if you put it in the budget from start, I promise you , you WONT be disappointed! ITS A SLAM DUNK! I dont think I would enjoy myself with ANYTHING less, cause you can ALWAYS hang out in the room,(see, we didnt have nor want an agenda), and look at the spectacular view, that will just blow you away!!!!! And the staff was VERY friendly..conseirge was wonderful!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carolh198
<Content>Hardly 4**** Hardly the nice 4 star room with a view we expected, but a small dark room opposite the adjacent property. Mouldy net curtains, an insecure and difficult to operate patio door, badly marked and stained wallpaper, peeling ceiling paint in the unlit shower cubicle the door of which was badly corroded and water stained bedroom ceiling, a minute wardrobe. We were so disappointed, this was a standard room, to upgrade would have cost a fortune if there had even been any rooms available. For the price we paid for the holiday - it was a rip off.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lighthaus
<Content>Excellent Service but ..... I can't say enough for the services and direction we received from the staff. The room was clean, comfortable, with a view. However, there is a great deal of major construction occuring nearby so a rest during the daytime with the door open was nearly impossible. The beach was crowded and dirty. Convenient to major shopping (a short walk).  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlaninOz
<Content>Go there - its great! I was in Hawaii for three weeks - stayed the first 10 days at the Outrigger Reef. You could not find a better Hotel.My room was rather small but you get what you pay for but I did have Ocean/beach views. The room was clean and the maid very friendly. The pool area is small for the hotel but you get that and there is always the beach, however they do charge $30 for a beach bed. The Shorebird bar and Restaurant must not be missed. The greatest of views ever. All you can eat Breakfast is $11-40 but there are various vouchers around with $1 off. The place was very full and very busy.As for the construction work - yes it is all happenning but the work/noise is not intrusive. There is more noise eminating from Tour Buses and Hotel delivery trucks than construction site vehicles - don't let it bother you.Here are some Oahu tips:Best Seafood - either Pacific Beach Hotel (all you can eat buffet for $25) or Bubba Gumps on the 4th floor at the Aloa Moana Shopping Centre.Best Pub - Moose Mcgillycuddys in Lewers Street - Good food too!Sea Life Park - Thought a bit Amateurish but good for the kids - use the trolly blue line ($25) for a 3 hour round trip there with plenty of stop offs (Diamond Head Crater and beaches etc)For Pearl Harbor use the shuttle its only $11 and if you go on Wednesday/Saturday or Sunday the ladies can also go to the Aloha Markets where you can get the cheapest of things.Chinese food - J.R.'s smogasbord in the Hawaii International Market Place only $12-50 for dinner, around 30 dishes plus soft drinks and fresh fruit.Do a bus tour around the Island (around $50) the only problem is that they do not stop at a lot of places because buses are not allowed to stop there. Find out the history, then hire a car and go back there for your picture shoot etc.Polynesian Cultural Center - Two days required for this (your pass will allow you to go back again) a long day but worth it - make sure you go to the Samoan Village, the guy is a real crack up! the evening show is brilliant.I could go on but feel I have said enough, enjoy your trip, enjoy your stay at the Reef and I guarantee you will return.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just do it I have to admit. I almost did not stay at this hotel because of some of the things I was reading. However I am glad I did. The people were very nice the rooms were more than I could ask for, for the price I payed. We found ourselves going back to the bar area. Perfect area if you wanted to relax on the beach or watch the sunset. Food was also not bad. I took two friends that had never been to Hawaii. We got a package deal that had the Outrigger as a choice. My friends kept telling me we better not be staying a some hell hole. When we got there they were surprised. In a good way. That week we stayed there, they had construction going on. It never bothered us or got in our way. If you read anything bad about this place. It's too bad, because it really is a great place. Now if it was really expencive. I'd have to say no. When I pay top dollar I ecpect chocolates, and my bed turned down. Things that you get used to at hotels that charge alot. But for the the price and being on the beach. It's perfect!! I will stay there again. There is one bad thing. I own a time share through  Fairfields Resorts At the hotel they have a little desk that tells you about TIME SHARES, Because the hotel is great. You may get sucked in. Well don't- I bought my time share in some other state and the Outrigger is one of thier hotels. Well I can't get a hotel through this company if it were to save my life. I also got a better deal somewhere else than going through my time share ownership. I say Screw Fairfields company and if you get a deal for outrigger reef go for it. Just don't get sucked into the Fairfields [--]. Aloha and enjoy!!! Happy people from Arizona (Just not happy with Fairfeilds company)  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it Me and my husband and teenagers stay here for a week in June1-8 2005 We loved every minute of it. The hotel was great! We were on the 17th floor(i didnt like)We will be back next year for 2 weeks  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ajaj
<Content>Outrigger Reef much more than expected Just returned from our stay at the Outrigger on the Reef from Sept 17 through Sept 25, actually suppose to have left on Sept 24 but we were stranded in Paradise due to Hurricane Rita. Eleven of us went for the wedding of our daughter on Sept 20. I had been concerned very much from the reviews about construction and small dirty rooms. I had read about upgrades but prior to leaving many of the hotels in the area, including the Reef, had no availablilty.Upon our arrival, the lobby was huge and wide open. We had reserved 5 rooms, standard rooms, and all were ready except one. When I requested an upgrade for the bride and groom, there were not rooms available. I was still nervous until we got to our rooms. The bride was given a mini-suite and the rest of our rooms were clean and beautiful. We were in the Ocean Tower Rooms 901, 902, 903, 905 and 927. Room 905 was the mini suite with a city view. Room 927 was our room and it had a partial ocean view, which was also beautiful. The surf was really loud at times which was so relaxing. The bathroom was small, only a shower but it was very clean. I had read review about black mold and mildew in the showers. There was none in ours. The other rooms were further back from the ocean but you could still see the ocean from the balony. Also the 9th and 10th floors have an express elevator to the ninth floor. People on the tenth floor then walked up about 7 steps and were in the 10th floor.We could get off our elevator and nealy on the beach. The beach does have rocks, reef-like rocks--not smooth rocks, so bring your swim shoes or get some at the ABC store. I bought mine at the ABC store for $14 and they were worth it. I also used them when we went snorkeling at Hanuuama Bay.The pool is not really big but plenty of chairs when we were there. The pool is a salt water pool, not like back home in Louisiana.Bring your walking shoes. You will walk alot.The Shorebird: we had breakfast buffett for $9 and it was good but we only did this for one morning. Had lunch there one day hamburger $8.99, fries (enough for 2 people)$3 and coke $3. The view was great! It is directly on the beach. It is open to air and was not hot due to the breeze. The Cheifs Hut breakfast for about $5 per person and it was filling. We liked Starbucks most morings because it was fairly quick to get and cimamion roll and drink to go. McDonald directly across the road and Dennys to the right.Other restraunts: Toaido's buffett with snow crab legs and fried shrimp, desserts and 40 kinds of sushi. Even if you don't like sushi, which we did not, their was plenty of items for $26 per person. Also Bubba Gumps in the Ala Monia Mall was great, both food and service. Price range $15-20 per person and way more than you can eat. Two couples went to the Cheesecake Factory and said it was great. We went to plantet hollywood, prices like the Shorebird for lunch.We saw: Germaine's LuauPearl Harbor full tourSociety of SevenPolyneasin Magic ShowThe most beautiful wedding on Diamond Head Beach at sunset.The Outrigger Reef was more that I expected for the the price $148 per night. The maid was very nice and did a good job. The concergie was very helpful with directions and information. We were also delayed b one day due to the Houston airport being shut down due to Hurricane Rita. I beleive her name was Jennifer and she spoke with the hotel desk and arranged for us to stay in our same rooms for an extra night. We payed the same rate of $148. The Activity Desk is a good place to arrange trips. Pearl Harbor trip $38 I think, we took left at 6am and returned at 2 pm or so. The Polynesian Culture Center, $95 per person for the full trip, there are different prices,leaves at 10 am and returns at 10:30 pm. We did not get to do this one due to running out of time. Snorkel at Hanamuna Bay was good, we did not get in the smooth part but did see several different kinds of fish. My 7-year old grandson learned to snorkel in about 10 minutes and loved it.We would stay at the Reef again, the price was very good for beachfront and our rooms where great in the Ocean Tower.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a specail way to spend a 25th wedding anniversary       Diamond Head  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>2Hula
<Content>Outrigger Reef on the Beach, girl's just wanna have fun! Our stay at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach was wonderful. Four girls, two rooms and 13 nights, although this was my first time staying at the Reef, it was very familiar to me as i had holidayed at the sister hotels close by many times before. Just prior to leaving i read a few reviews which made me quiet concerned as i knew there was alot of construction going on.They were right, but it's ok, the surrounding area that you walk through is'nt the best, all the shops and restaurants have been demolished but it's only 2 short blocks and this area is so central that we did'nt worry at all, you can always walk along the beach and bypass the lot!The Quality and size of our rooms were good, we had a partial ocean veiwno upgrades available, don't rely on one. Pool and all restaurants great, staff friendly. Massage poolside v good! Kids will love the cheese pizza. OK, the good stuff....* Best ChiChi's at The Hilton Hawaiian Village with Fireworks every friday night.* Afternoon tea (definitely lunch) at the Moana Surfrider on the Banyon Veranda, this is really something special, do the hotel tour first you will recieve a 15% voucher to use off your meal, you will need to book both.*Duke's, lots of fun, great atmosphere, sundays, long wait for a barside table, but worth it! Try the Hula Pie, enough for two or more. Delish!!*Wonderful breakfast at the Halekalani,House without a key restaraunt, not cheap but worth it! *Warehouse shopping at Waikele, catch the early hotel shuttlle $18 return.Ala moana for the good gear and ABC for everything from toothpaste to alcohol! Moet....US$38 very cheap..AUD$80 aprox.*Good priced art outside Honolulu Zoo, Sat  Sun, before 3pm.*Maui... do the Helicopter, it's magic, take a car to Lahana, then up to Pineapple Hill, Kapalua, really something to see. Have lunch at the Pineapple Grill, the veiw is spectacular, one of our most memorable days.* Most of all, enjoy, your in Hawaii, best place on earth!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the island of oahu Oahu was not what I expected. We stayed at the Outrigger reef that was very nice and I would recommend it. Oahu nature tours did some very good nature tours, book on the internet if you can it is discounted. Pearl Harbor is a must see and free to get in, if you can get a ride there. Do not rent a car unless you are aware you have to pay for parking, approx. 15.00 a day. Parking can also be hard to find due to not being familiar with the area. Unfortunaley what made a huge impact on my trip was the majority of the people I encountered outside of the hotel were the most rudest and unkind people I have ever come acrosss in my travels!! I have traveled to many countries and exotic places however I will never go back to the island of Oahu due to the unwelcome feeling I received from the people.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bernyzz
<Content>Best Tips Yet OK...NOW TO ALL YOU PEOPLE ABOUT TO TRAVEL TO THE OUTRIGGER REEF, READ MY REVIEW FOR A FULL REPORT FOR SOME TIPS.This hotel is a great hotel to stay in but the location of the Outrigger Waikiki is a whole lot better though. The pool area at the Outrigger Reef is nice, there are lots of chairs around the pool so you don't have to wake up early to get a chair, but if you like swimming in the beach you wont like the beach at the front because it is full of rocks in the water, i tried walking in and almost killed myself. If you walk 10 minutes to the left of the beach there's a Lagoon there, hardly any people and beautiful to swim in.Directly across the road there is McDonalds and a few doors down there's Denny's, a good place to eat breakfast and cheap. These are the only 2 shops near the hotel asthere's a lot of renevation of new resorts happening across the road fromthe hotel and theres no shops near the hotel, the whole of Lewers Street is closed down due to renovation, its about a 10 min walk to get to the main attractions of the busy night of Honolulu, and to eat out. This walk was the only thing i didnt like about staying at this hotel because i got sunburnt on my feet and found it hard to walk.The best place to eat outside the resort would definetely have to be The Cheesecake Factory it has every type of food you can imagine and the servings are soooooo big, ive never seen anything like it before!!...so if you love your food, like we do, go eat there...we did almost every night! (try the chicken pot pie )There's buses at the front of the hotel you can catch for $2 and they take you to lots of different places. If you like to shop, go to Ala Moana Shopping Centre, Pearl Ridge Shopping centre and also go and visit Ross's Outlets to get savings up to 80% off ~ i bought a Calvin klein dress for $7, original price was $190...its an awesome place to shop! Overall i think this hotel was great but not awesome, if you want to stay in the centre of everything and on the beach, i recommend staying at the Outrigger Waikiki on the beach, not the Outrigger Reef on the beach.Hope this helps!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Get Trapped in the Reef My mom and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. On our day of arrival, we were given a room with only a small shower stall and a paint-peeled sink in the bathroom. Also, there were what looked like punch stains on the counter and coffee stains on the floor. What totally grossed us out, however, was the makeup I discovered on the pillowcase: it wasn't my shade. We reported it at the front desk and we were given a brand new pillow. Great. How about a new room? Alas, one was not offered and when I tried to tell them about the bathroom I was basically given the brushoff. Upon our departure, the desk clerk never even bothered to ask how our stay was. :/The one good thing about the hotel, though, was the food at the Ocean House restaurant. Other than that, I'd recommend visitors stay someplace else.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel! My partner and I have just got back last week from 7 nights in this hotel and we thought it was brilliant. The hotel is well decorated, clean and the room was big enough to easily accomodate us. The staff are very helpful and polite and the shops in the hotel are reasonably priced and well stocked. We also booked a trip to the water park through the hotel which we received discount on.The Shore Bird Restaurant which is located in the hotel right on the beach is good, you get all you can eat breakfasts which are great and good quality cheap lunches, we never had dinner there but when we walked past it at night it was always busy so I presume evening meals were as good as the rest of the days meals. Also the bar is good, with great cocktails and quick polite bar staff.The hotel is obviously located right on Wakiki beach which is amazing, the sand is clean and the water warm and clean too. Also the swimming pool was clean and quite big and the hot tubs were in good condition and well looked after. My only complaint about the beach would be you have to rent sun loungers from the hotel at a daily rate which we thought was expensive.The rooms were well looked after and the toiletries kept well stocked, we heard no noise or anything in our room from outside, even with the door's open. The hotel is situated in a busy area so it's easy to get to all the shops and food places.All in all this is a very good hotel with high standards, we would definetly return and will be recommending it to other people.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Outrigger We searched for 3 weeks for the right hotel. When we got there we were not disappointed. Our room was a one bedroom suite and we were told that it had a city view. When we looked to the left there was the city but when we looked to the right we had a perfect ocean view. The bedroom was wonderful my husband and I had our own space and both of the kids had there own bed. There was a full size bed and then a hide-a-bed in the living room area. It was a good size suite we were not stepping on one another for space. The only small thing about our suite was the bathrooms (there was two) but we didn't spend too much time in the bathroom anyways. I would highly recommend this hotel it was so beautiful and the staff was friendly and very accommodating. It was walking distance from the shops and other things. The beach was right there and it was nice to be able to just walk out of the hotel room during the day to lounge on the beach and nice to walk out there at night and enjoy the ocean at night. Loved it!!!!!! When we go back I am defiantly staying at the outrigger on the reef.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kat650
<Content>Very Nice Stay at the Outrigger Reef My boyfriend and I came back from a stay at the Outrigger Reef - we were there for six days. We booked our hotel and air through Orbitz so we went for the cheapest room. This gave us a room with no lanai (balcony) and our view was of the building next door. We didn't mind too much - but a lanai would have been nice to air out our swimsuits and towels. The room wasn't terribly big but it had everything we needed and was clean. I wish our bathroom would have had a bath (only shower) but we didn't spend much time in our room.I loved the fact that our hotel was right on the beach. Our #1 tip would is to book a hotel that is on the beach. Even hotels that are 5 or 10 minutes walk from the beach can't compare. Plus you would have to walk through the city with all of your stuff. The shops and restaurants of the Outrigger Reef were great. We had the breakfast special of $4.99 one morning and the breakfast buffet of $9.99 at the Shorebird. We also chose to grill our own meat at the Shorebird one night which was fun - plus it was right on the beach which had a great view.The location of the hotel was great as it was on the beach, between hotels and easy to walk to shopping. It wasn't as crowded which was great. Plus, it was a short walk to the Hale Koa snack shop and the Hilton Village. the Hilton Village was great to visit b/c of the penguins, flamingos, shopping. they also have fireworks every friday night and we saw people outside on the beach there with fire poi which was fun to watch. there were a lot of fun activites right outside the hotel for the beach - we kayaked and rode one of those large sea bicycles.Plus, the location of the hotel is near public transportation which we used to get to Diamond Head and the Ala Moana shopping center. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. We had a great stay.Tips:1. Book a hotel on the beach!2. Pack sunblock!3. Buy a beachtowel there - they are not expensive and you can find them at the many ABC stores. they also have cheap inflatable rafts.4. We went on the North Shore tour with the Oahu Nature tours and it was fantastic. Plus it wasn't expensive.5. The Shorebird breakfast is very good.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Total Relaxation! At first we were a little upset with the size of the room, the bathroom in particular is very small. We were on our honeymoon and expected a little more from Virgin Holidays. However when you are in Hawaii the last thing you want to be doing is sitting in your room. The decoration was a little tired, but the rest of the hotel was faultless, the restaurants, service and facilities were outstanding. We will be returning!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it my partner and i stayed at the hotel in june last year. We loved it and could not fault it. The hotel helped the experience of hawaii be everytinhg that we imagined it to be.The staff and maids were extremely friendly and there was an amazing excursion desk, where we booked a day swimming with dolphins in the sea life park. the hotel arranged it all for us, we just told them when we wanted to go. for the first 2 days unfortunately, i was sick getting over the flu. reception sent numerous complimetary cups of tea up to our room to try and help me feel better. the room we had, had a partial ocean/city view from the balcony, it was amazing. the room was not enourmous but it had a king size bed and a very large and clean bathroom, but the fact that it had a balcony overlooking the ocean, for us was fantastic.the hotel is literally on the beach, you walk through a mini street of hawaiin style shops and then down some steps onto the beach. very handy.we only dined in the hotel at breakfast because we were off exploring throughout the day, but the breakfast buffet that they provide is very reasonably priced and practically on the beach.in the evenings at the bar there was traditional live hawaiin music being played accompanied by hula dancers. it was an amazing place.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vacationgirl
<Content>Perfect Hotel       View  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Goldee9
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Reef Our family just returned after staying here for 5 days, followed by 5 days in Maui. We had 2 adjoining rooms on the 7th floor, partial ocean view. The rooms were lovely and clean, housekeeping staff very attentive. We celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary by renewing our vows on the beach. The hotel provides this beautiful service, Return to Love, complete with ukele music and a hula dancer. We followed our renewal with a buffet breakfast at the Shorebird- excellent and abundant. The beachfront, while small by east coast beach standards, was pleasant, with sea turtles swimming along side us two of the days we were there.Would definately recommend this hotel and hope to make a return visit soon.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Reef on the Beach My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach from May 14-21, 2004. We were there for our 25th wedding anniversary. It was a beautiful place to stay at. Everyone was very nice and helpful. We would stay there again but would get the ocean view instead of the partial view.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Information you should know before you book We had booked this hotel as part of a three centre trip - Las Vegas, Hawaii and San Francisco. We were to spend seven nights at this hotel and were really looking forward to spending a relaxing time there. However, on arrival we were given the standard room booked by our travel company as part of the package. The balcony of this small dark room looked straight onto the balcony of the next hotel, just 10 ft. separated us. Also, it was next to the noisy lift so we decided not to unpack and to change it. We were shown to a partial ocean view room - the other partial view was of the road they are building behind the beach area, with all the accompanying noise, especially in the early morning!! Finally, we decided to bite on the bullet and upgrade to a superior room - the hotel kindly decided to charge us only 50% of the upgrade price, which was appreciated. The room was light and airy and had a beautiful view of the spectacular beach where this hotel is situated.You should be aware that across the road from the front of the hotel, they are knocking down another hotel. You can hear the noise from the swimming pool area, so its not an area for peace and quiet - also the restaurant by the pool suffers from the noise and disruption. This was not pointed out by our travel company and if we had known about this, we would have booked an alternative hotel.That said, the beach at the back of the hotel is spectacular and the fine dining restaurant which overlooks the beach is equal to any five star restaurant - try to get a beachside table when you reserve, you can't get a table without reserving at least one day in advance especially on weekends.Try to get out of Honolulu for a trip around the island, there are some awesome sights and beautiful beaches - Honolulu is very high-rise and not what we expected but outside the city is worth seeing.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Marshy747
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again , need's a refit  The public areas of the hotel are very nice indeed  have a spacious open lobby area leading to shops ,pool area , restraunts etc. The hotel has a nice central location in Waikiki  is right on the beach however things are not so nice when you get to your room.We were on the 10th floor in the Pacific Tower with a partial ocean view room  I can't fault the view as it was fantastic but the room itself was a big disapointment, we were a party of 3  this room only had one king size bed  a sofa bed which my daughter used  it was to say the least well used  uncomfortable , once the sofa bed was out most of the room was full so you couldn't move around easily.When we booked the fact that it had a sofa bed was not pointed out to us.The general cleanliness  condition of the room  bathroom were very poor though , I honestly have to say it's the grubbiest hotel room I've stayed in ,some of the electrical fittings were not working  one lamp in the room was lethal with broken bulb holder  wires sticking out of it. There was a thick layer of dust covering the wallpapar on the walls  the corners of the room in the not so accesible areas (behind TV unit , side of the draws etc) were filthy, the net curtains were very dirty  were grey with dirt on the edges , the quilt on the bed was dirty along the edges near the floor  had melted chocolate on it.The cusions  covers on the sofa bed were stained  so was the carpet which also looked like it handn't been vacuumed in some time as there were crumbs everywhere.The bathroom was very small  was also in very poor condition due to chipped wash basin  fittings , loose  wornout fittings , holes in the back of the door where hooks had been , mould around wash basin  shower , splatters of god only knows what on the wash basin unit  back of the door  if you wanted hot water from the wash basin sometimes you did but most of the time there wasn't any. As for the obligotary hairdryer in the bathroom I wouldn't have wanted to touch it never mind use it due to it being blocked solid (I am NOT exagerating here) with fluff/hair  dirt.Because of this I asked for another room  was told I couldn't by a member of staff but if we did want to move she'd keep a note  if anything came up we could have it but we couldn't leave anything of ours in the room we had now so decided just to put up with it.Generally the hotel needs refitting  bringing up to date (I doubt very much if it's been decorated in the last 25 years) as stated in other reviews , it didn't ruin our holiday it's just not what I expect for the price or it's rating.Also at the time of our visit there where major building works going on next to the hotel which were no fault of theirs but they started work at 6am MON-SAT so if you want a relaxing time or a lay-in due to a late night forget it as it's impossible (from our room anyway) .We would never stay here again as first impressions last ,if we hadn't paid already due to being on a pre paid package tour i would definitely have moved hotel. Very poor sorry to say.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CarpeDiemX
<Content>As bad and dirty as can be! I left this miserable hotel 5 days ago. Long delay at registration with one clerk serving slowly a line-up of people. Now you have to rememebr that most of those people have just arrived in Hawai with a 6hrs plus flight at the minimum. Other clerks were busy talking with each other or on their pc! Small rooms but mostly the dirtiest bathroom you can find. Mold around the bath, many important enamel chips everywhere on the tub and the sink. Dirty mirror with loss of reflexion. Stained carpets.etc... Noisy hall and very poor insulation of rooms. Now for $220.00 a night shouldn'nt we get just a little more for our money?? The food was expensive and very ordinary. A nightmare to try to forget as soon as possible, once I willhave paid my credit card! I don't understand the 4 + stars review that I just read. Too much mai-tai perhaps! A true 1-2 stars category hotel, and I am generous.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wonderful time at O.Rigger reef Stayed 7nts at Outrigger Reef during April and had a really wonderful time. Had been concerned over reviews mentioning work going on at that time outside hotel and roads closed but luckily for us , it hadn't yet started.We would definetely return to this hotel, were in part ocean view room, which was beautiful. Two balconies, one overlooking the sea, other o.looking the city. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, everything was perfect, service, room, resturants, etc. Being right on the beach was a big plus for us. Definetely worth going for a part or full ocean view room. Have no worries about going to the O.Reef, sure to have a great time.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, average hotel We visited the outrigger reef 7th - 17th July 05 as part of our honeymoon. On arriving at the hotel we were told that there were no upgrades available so we made our way to the standard room that we had booked. We were less than happy with the room we had been given as the balcony looked straight out onto the hotel opposite, which was approximately 10 feet away! This made the small room very dark and the bathroom was a joke. You could hardly even turn around in it! On top of this we were right next to the elevator and after being in the room 5 minutes we were already irritated by the noise!However, it does get better! We returned to the desk to ask to be changed to a different room and without even asking we were upgraded to a garden terrace room. The room itself was much bigger than the first one, and the bathroom and bed were also bigger. Unfortunately the room looked out onto the Mcdonald's and building site opposite the hotel, so during the day it did get quite noisy but we were able to put up with this as we weren't in the room much, and we were grateful for being upgraded anyway after seeing the standard rooms! I think if we had been on another side of the hotel the noise from the building works would not have been an issue.The lobby is very nice and spacious but the rest of the hotel desperately needs an upgrade. Walking through the corridors to the room was like walking back to the 1970's! The rooms were slightly better but could have also done with decorating. However overall the room was clean and the maid service was very good. All staff at the hotel were very friendly. The location of the hotel is excellent. Being right on the beach was fantastic and to get to the main shopping part of Waikiki is only a few minutes walk away. There are plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. Overall we had a great time at the outrigger reef but we thought the hotel was average. I'm sure if you're willing to pay the top prices for the ocean view rooms then this hotel would be a great place to stay. In the end we got a fairly nice room and very much enjoyed our holiday!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to return to the Outrigger! This was our second trip to the Outrigger. We went five years ago for our 20th anniversary and again July 2005 for our 25th. We will always stay in this hotel. We love the Shorebird restaurant and ate all of our meals there. The breakfast buffet is the best we have ever had. The rooms are fabulous. We told the front desk that it was our 25th anniversary, and they upgrated our room and sent us a basket of wine and chocolates. Our view was amazing of Diamond Head and the beach. We could watch the surfers early in the morning. My husband took surfing lessons right at the hotel, and got up on his first try. The entertainment in the lobby was great. We love this hotel and cannot wait to return. Hopefully, we will be back next year. We are counting the days!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catsweb
<Content>My first time in Hawaii dreams do come true I've dreamed of going to Hawaii since I was a little kid. (I took hula as a child) My husband made my dream come true for our 15th wedding aniversary. It was everything I had dreamed of. The hotel people were so friendly and helped with any questions we had. Our room was always clean. We would leave just to get breakfast and come back an our room was already made up. It was like the maids knew when we were leaving and returning. The veiw was beautiful from our room. Our whole trip was GREAT!!!! I could not of dreamed of such a great romantic beautiful trip if I had tryed. I hope to some day return and will stay at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bes1966
<Content>Great Location, Beautiful Beach, Hotel needs Remodel My Husband and I stayed here July 16 through the 23rd. The location of this hotel is fantastic and makes up for condition of this hotel. The construction going on around the hotel was not so bad. They kept the dust down by constantly spraying water and there was a policeman that helped with directing the traffic through the construction zone. The hotel itself is very dated (we were told that it will be going through a remodel). We checked in and proceeded to our room, to my surprise I opeend the door to the room and there was already someone occupying it. So, back down stairs to get another room. Ok so now we are headed back up to the new room, we open the door and realize what was suppose to be a partial ocean view, actually was a full view of the condo next door. So, again back down stairs. The front desk didn't seem to care about what an inconvience this was for us. Finally, we were given the partial ocean view on the 16th floor. The view was gorgeous, but the room was small, the carpet had stains and the bathroom shower had mold. After our second day there they began construction on the 2 rooms across the hall from us.(They were making model rooms) We awoke the rest of the mornings to hammers and saws. The only good thing about this was that it forced us to get up early so we were able to do a lot more sight seeing. The Restauraunts in this hotel were great. The beach is beautiful and it is within walking distance to just about everything. Our next visit, we will probably try somewhere else, but will return to the Outrigger Reef after they are finished with the remodel. Feel free to e-mail with any questions.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Angry Clive Man
<Content>Just another day in paradise Reading many of these reviews, it seems like the experience people have is very much hit or miss. You love this place or you hate it.We got lucky. We just spent seven nights in the Diamond Head tower. Our room was in the city view category, which is only one notch up from the lowest category. So we were very surprised that our deck had gorgeous views of both the ocean and the pool.The room was immaculate and although it was not large, it was comfortable. The bathroom is quite small, but if you only have one person in there at a time, it is not an issue. Trying to fit two people in that bathroom at a time would have been impossible.The hotel is located right on the beach, with plenty of activities offered everyday. For instance, there is a catamaran ride offered on the beach just outside the hotel for only $15 for a one-hour trip. It was a blast.The biggest issue at the hotel is the surrounding construction. They are tearing down several nearby hotels, and it creates quite a traffic bottleneck in front of the hotel. But I'd disagree with previous comments that the construction noise is so loud that it disrupts life at the hotel. Sitting around the pool you can hardly hear it. And at the beach it is far enough away that it is a non-issue. The bigger issue is when you leave the hotel to go shopping and have to walk through the construction zone. There was one day that the noise was so loud that people were covering their ears. But in the grand scheme of things this is a minor distraction.The hotel pool was great, and the pool staff very friendly. The hotel offers a wonderful breakfast buffet, in a great location overlooking the ocean.Another comment that I had read was that the timeshare salespeople in the hotel lobby are annoying. All they do is try to engage you in a conversation. If you ignore them, it is not an issue. In a week's stay, I probably had four such encounters. It is no big deal.There is a constant parade of free Hawaiian entertainment in the hotel lobby, the rooms are clean and safe and quiet, the staff is helpful, and the location is outstanding.This place was terrific.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Only Place to Stay in Waikiki! This is the only hotel my family and I will stay at in Honolulu. Over the past fifteen years, we have tried other resorts but none compare to Outrigger Reef on the Beach. From the moment you step on the property, you feel relaxed--from the friendly staff (much nicer than the staff at *luxury* hotels at which I've stayed) to the baskets of free flowers (plumeria, orchids, tuberose) in the lobby--you know you're in paradise! I've always stayed in Partial Ocean View rooms without complaint--gorgeous views and clean, comfortable surroundings. Be sure to check out the turtle/koi fish pond next to the pool--kids love it!Chief's Hut Restaurant provides great, affordable meals under the Waikiki moon and dinner at the Shorebird is a nice splurge for your wallet and your waistline. However you absolutely must try Shorebird's breakfast buffet. It is the most economical and delicious breakfast I have ever had--and you can't beat the view of Diamond Head in the morning sunshine. Very memorable!The hotel is within blocks of all the to do sites in Waikiki and there is even a new Starbucks on the property to keep you energized for sightseeing. I guarantee that Outrigger Reef will enhance your next Honolulu vacation--and you will treasure your Hawaiian memories.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aloha, Great Family Hotel This hotel was a great hotel for familys with lots of activitiesthat have left me with many pleasent memories of this hotel. I enjoyed the crafts and lei making that the hotel provides you. It is a fun activity that can be enjoyed by all ages. The hotel is on the beach, so it allows early morning beach strolls a must. In our hotel room there where 4 of us that it slept comforably. The spa and bar downstairs was a lot of fun plus the pool table to allow people to socialize. I would stay at the Outrigger Reef Again (:  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel I have travelled a lot around the world including Hawaii over 10 times and this has got to be one of the worst if not the worst hotel room I ever stayed in! I have stayed at the Ohana hotel chain (a related chain to Outrigger) and those rooms were a lot nicer (for the money I paid) and a lot cheaper (average rate was $50 to $75/night). This past July 2005 I stayed at the Outrigger Reef for $200. For that I got a really musty smelling small room that a double bed barely fit in. The bedroom mirror was not located near an electrical outlet and there was no outlet in the washroom. The carpet had stains as had the walls and my view was the lovely apartment complex 5 feet away. The bathroom was so small that the shower door hit the toilet. The shower stall (no tub) had no light within and was so dark (probably to hide the mold) I refused to shower with the door closed or without my slippers on! Worst of all the room was located right by the elevators and utility elevator. At 7 am in the morning the cleaning crew started to test a carpet cleaner the fumes of which made me sick forget about waking me up! Also, they were literally right outside the door that they could hear whatever you did in the washroom. I was so disgusted by this place that I was in a real hurry to check out after only 1 night! For $200 this was a big rip off. The doubletree Alana Waikiki was only $139 and was 100x better.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Outrigger We stayed from 6/20-6/28th and loved every bit of it. This is our third time and my wife will go no where else, not even the Hilton. The Aloha of the hotel greets you from the time you hit the driveway until it is time for you to go. The lobby is open aired and leads to the beach with diamond head looming on the left. The staff are all wonderful. It was our 10th wedding anniversary so they sent us a gift basket up tp our room. We also had our vows renewed on the beach with a real Kahu (Hawaiian Minister) in the true hawaiian tradition with music and hula dancer compliments of the hotel. And this is open to any married couple of the hotel. Just go to the conciegre desk to sign up. They have it tuesday and fridays at 8:00am. We had a pov(partial ocean view) on the 17th floor. The room was huge and bathroom nice. We have had smaller in the past but that did not bother us because who stays in their room in Hawaii?  The shorebird has excellent food and you can grill your own steaks while looking out at the ocean since it sits on the beach. And the price is pretty average with other steak houses in waikiki. While on Oahu try to get to the flea market at the aloha stadium. If you have no car, take the bus or shuttle. The hotel activities desk can tell you how. This is the best place to save money on souveniers( 8 tshirts for 20., 7puka shell necklaces for 5.) Believe me, there is no place better and I have lived on Oahu for 17 years. Even the locals go here to shop. The Outrigger is a great place and we would reccommend it to anyone. Please fell free to e-mail with any questions.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic We have just returned from a fantastic holiday staying initially in las vegas and then to hawaii staying at the outrigger reef on the beach, I was somewhat nervous about staying at the outrigger reef on the beach following reading previous reviews, prior to going on holiday. I am pleased to say that we found the hotel absolutley fantastic, everything that you could wish for, the review I had read previously complained about the size of the rooms, the room we stayed in was absolutley perfect, ideal for what you want it for, how long are you actually in your room on holiday? It was spotlessley clean and tidy, ample in size and I have no complaints whatsoever. The hotel was in a perfect position and was fantastic with all the amenities you need on your doorstep, the beach was beautiful, restaurants great and all the staff that we met whilst staying there were very friendly and helpful. We would definetly recommend staying here and would like to return one day in the future, restaurants and the main attractions are all close by within walking distance, lots to do and see, don't really understand why previous reviews are so crtical of this hotel, feel they are doing the hotel an injustice, it was perfect.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad after all I was quite worried about going to this hotel after reading some of the reviews it had been given. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised when we got there. The staff were really friendly, couldn't be more helpful and the room although a little basic was clean. The view out of the window was of the pool and we could see some of the sea but on the otherside we could see a building site where they are pulling the hotels down. This did not bother us too much and we didn't really notice the noise much (thank goodness), even when lying round the pool. The hotel is well situated you could not be any closer to the beach. I was a bit taken aback when we hired two sunbeds and an umbrella for the day and they charged us $30.00 plus tax. The sunbeds round the pool are free but after 15.00 the sun moves round so most of the pool area is in the shade. The Shorebird bar was lovely and relaxing. Right on the beach with friendly bar staff. If you plan to visit Pearl Harbour make sure you are there really early. We got picked up at 6.15 am got there about 7.15 am for it opening at 8 am. Believe it or not there was a queue. When we came out there was a three hour wait at 9.30 am. The Culture Centre is definitely worth a visit. We had a really good day and evening out. The night-time entertainment was really good. At the end of the day the holiday is what you make it!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>milosmam
<Content>Excellent We stayed here on the second leg of our trip ( for the 3rd see Amsterdam Court Hotel NY) and can't fault it at all. The partial ocean view room we got was clean, of ample size, even with a crib and stroller and the view was amazing. Yes there is construction going on just out the front of the hotel but it didnt bother us in the slightest, you couldn't hear any noise and there was no dust as it was constantly being watered to stop it flying into the air. All the staff were extremely helpful and very pleasant. We only ate at the beach bar but the food is recommended. A definate plus point was the laundry which was really cheap so don't take too many clothes with you as you can just wash them. The little cafe just at the back of the hotel on the beach does really good salads which I just couldnt eat as there was too much. A definate sightseeing stop has to be Honolulu Zoo which at $6 entry fee was a bargain and a great place for adults as well as kids. The Imperial Market was good but the merchandise being sold there was just about the same on every stall which was a bit disappointing. Overall this is a great hotel and we'd definately stop there again  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EagleRockers
<Content>Old Hawaii Alive  My partner and I stayed at the Reef 4 nights, May 17 - 21. We stayed there 30 years ago and, though we've been to Hawaii many times since, never went back to the Reef. I'm glad we did!The Reef has the feel of old Hawaii about it, how things used to be before corporations began designing hotels. The lobby and shopping arcade has been renovated, but you have the feeling of an older, grand hotel.We had a partial ocean view room = very large and spacious with a decent size lanai. The bathroom was small, only big enough for 1 person at a time. The shower was huge, though. The amenities were quite nice.Yes, there is construction across the street. Yes, I did hear jack hammers going for 5 - 10 minutes at a time maybe once a day. But I tuned it out and it never really bothered either of us.The beach is right outside your door. I found it rocky so I moved down in front of the Royal Hawaiian where I snorkeled with green sea turtles. Awesome!Ate at the Chef's Hut for breakfast (daily special $4.95) and had dinner there once - all just fine and with a beautiful setting.I would recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again on my next visit.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Marti
<Content>Nice place! Hope to stay there again! We just got back from a 10-day vacation to Oahu; 5 of which we spent at the Outrigger Reef.Pros: a beautiful hotel; nice pool; great beach location; great location, period; nice rooms; great deal (internet site averaged $107/nt for their smallest room, which was quite adequate and had nice park views); Starbucks in lobby opens early; restaurants on site are nice and a decent value; shops in lobby are nice; quiet room (despite the fact we were adjacent to the elevator, we heard no elevator noise!); the beach/surf was very nice and calm and I saw a surprising amount of reef fish while snorkeling; there were 3 hot tubs (2 that are separate, elevated from the pool level and one attached to the pool); there is an adequate amount of pool lounge chairs.Cons: it is true that there is demolition going on in the area. It was not excessively noisy when we were there and you can't hear anything at the beach. However, I kept wondering if someone was doing an air quality analysis due to the potential for asbestos fibers in the air since old hotels were crashing to the ground within yards of the hotel's driveway. The beach has lots of rocks/coral and I would recommend wearing footwear if you're going to swim. The beach itself is very short and there is an additional charge for lounge chairs and umbrellas.Overall, we had a great experience and would go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on the Beach Having grown up in Hawaii and having stayed at many hotels on Oahu, as well as other islands, I have only praises for the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. Traveling over for a wedding, I was completely satisfied with the accomodations of this hotel. With direct beach access, three restaurants, and a very helpful staff my trip was nothing less than fantastic. Definetely a great place to stay while on Oahu.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>demolition site six nearby buidings are being demolished to make way for new timeshare apartments which makes relaxing by the pool uncomfortable .The noise from the breakers can be heard all over the hotel,so unless you like taking your holiday in the middle of a large building site, give this hotel a miss until 2007 when the projct is due for completion.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Waikiki Hotel       View From Outrigger Reef Room 719  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just okay Be prepared for for small rooms that can only be described as drab. Several stains throughout the room on the couch, blankets, etc. Based on the room, I would not classify this as a 3 1/2 or 4 star hotel. We stayed in a city view room that overlooked the pool. The hotel itself was nice, but very busy. Food prices not too bad--I would suggest at least one night at the bar (Shorebird) overlooking the beach--they have a food menu that is not very expensive. It is a must to have a drink called lavaflow. The Hale Koa is next door--this is a militry hotel so the prices at the snack bar and bar are very inexpensive and no military id is required.The location was nice and the staff was more than helpful. Would I stay at the Outrigger Reef again--most likely not.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Outrigger Reef was great! The Outrigger Reef on the beach was wonderful. We stayed for 2 weeks in late April 05. The staff was great, the restaurants were good. The location on the beach was quieter then the Outrigger Waikiki. The beach was nicer closer to the outrigger waikiki, but you can settle on your mats anywhere for the day. The reef staff up graded us when we arrived, you just have to ask. They do have annoying time share people trying to sell you time shares in the lobby. We walked everywhere shopping and eating. There is no need for renting a vehicle if you plan on staying on waikiki. The bus system is very good and accessable. In Waikiki, on Lewers street, (across the street from the reef) they are tearing down hotels to replace with state of the art ones, it can get noisey, but they are doing a good job keeping down the dust and keeping traffic flowing properly. We only heard the noise when walking the streets, not from our room. The reef has a complimentary renewal of the vows ceremony and that was very nice. We will return to Waikiki and we will return to the reef.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>evanskerr
<Content>please save your money In 2004 we visited the USA for over 4 weeks for our honeymoon, during this time we stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach in Hawaii. I must say this was the one place I was looking forward to visiting the most - how wrong could I be? On arrival we were allocated a room that was disgusting to say the least, just big enough to fit in a double bed, there were toe nail clippings on the floor and a shower that wasn't fit enough to wash my dog in (I think he would have complained also), we were advised that we had a beachfront view, not sure which beach that was but we couldn't see it, we did have a great view of the hotel directly adjacent to our window though (2 yards away I think?) We called the Hotel Manager and were politely advised that the hotel was now fully booked but to call back in 2 days time to see if we could move to another room, ok we thought - let's just get on with it, however 1 hour later we strolled through the reception area to see a family of none Europeans asking if they had any vacancies for 3 nights. The answer was Yes Sir, would you like an Ocean view? We then immediately asked for a transfer of room which was granted, the room still didn't come anywhere near the rooms we had seen the week before in San Francisco - Alcatraz comes to mind! We tried to enjoy our weeks stay in Hawaii spending our days on the beach and evenings in the Shorebird Bar which did have some very talented bands and vocalists to be fair. I have to say that the American customers are more highly thought of than Europeans and this is evidenced in the superior rooms and by far better service they receive. We have both travelled the world extensively and can safely say that this is probably the worst Hotel we have stayed in yet, on our travels around he US we have visited 14 States which all bar one we have rated very highly. Very Disappointed - we didn't even see Magnum but think we saw TC and Higgins in an Italian restaurant one night! Definitely saw Magnum's mate though - that other geezer in the Hawaiian shirt - Rick we think his name was!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic friendly hotel on the beach we stayed at Outrigger Reef for two nights in late April and loved the place!Great central location, friendly staff and wonderful food at both restaurants.The hotel is right on the water and we will be staying there again very soon.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Discotish
<Content>A Wonderfully Fantastic vacation. We Love the Outrigger!!       View from the jetty in front of the hotel  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big bang for your buck Just returned from a 5 day stay at Outrigger Reef. Excellent location. At hotel, Jamba Juice, Starbucks, 4 star restaurant (Ocean), Shorebird bar/restaurant right on the beach. Our room wasn't the greatest but then again we wanted the cheapest we could get (I'm sure we could have gotten a 'view' but we wanted to spend our $ elsewhere). Would definitely return. Also, right across the street from McDonalds and other restaurants very close by. Would recommend highly to others- to singles, couples, and those with children.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Waste Your Money First visit to Hawaii - we paid for a superior vacation and thought the Outrigger Reef on the Beach sounded great. But, our rooms were like going back to the 1970's - very small, old furniture, peeling wallpaper, stained carpet, no natural light etc etc. Shower extremely dark (no natural or articifical lighting) and tiny (similar to a brown virtical mouldy coffin), view from small rusty balcony - stairway to neighbouring hotel. Located well for the beach especially if you like stoney beaches. We did complain about our rooms to the respection desk, but nothing they could do!Shorebird restaurant is a rip off.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paid for the view, not the accomodations.       Daytime view from our balcony looking to the right  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Northdowns
<Content>Another great stay at The Outrigger Reef on the BEACh We had another great vacation (fourth visit) at the Outrigger to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. Our room was a Garden Terrace clean and well maintained. Food in all the restaurants very good with excellent service. Lewer Street is just about to be redeveloped so there may be some noise and dust in coming months. Hope that we will visit again in a couple of years after the redevelopment to see how the area has been improved.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a difference a room makes! My daughter and I have now had the opportunity to stay in four different rooms at this hotel between October 2003 and April 2005. We have stayed in a high-level partial-ocean view room which had a nice view, two beds, fridge, lanai, but no tub; a 5th floor Pacific Tower corner (Rm 547) non-smoking, which had the other ammenities listed as well as a microwave, some plateware, a small table for four, and a fold-out couch, plus a lanai with no view; a Pacific Tower non-smoking room with no lanai, no tub, no microwave, paper-thin walls, and noisey appliances (RM 1167); and finally a room in the Diamond Head Tower building (Rm 477) on the smoking floor, but with more space, two beds, a shower, lanai, fridge, small table with two chairs, all of which suited a longer stay and if we leaned we could see the ocean from the lanai. We got the Diamond Head Tower room by complaining about #1167 the morning after our first night's stay there. We had five nights to go on our vacation so it was worth it to speak up, and we didn't have to pay for an upgrade. Thank you Matt at the front desk!I recommend the Diamond Head building, which is only four floors and the farthest from the front desk, because it is quieter and close to the pool -- really great if you have a child. We used the starcase in lieu of the elevator all the time. The Third floor is non-smoking, and the fourth floor is smoking, but we were not bothered by the fumes for the most part. If you keep the lanai doors open, you will smell bacon frying in the morning and hear and smell the evening activities at The Shorebird Restaurant, but I swear it all shuts down promptly at 10:30 p.m., even on the weekends.Four rooms later I can say that all the bathrooms at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach are consistently too small and in poor repair. Bed quality was consistently fine, and pillow quality varied from room to room. The location is great for families with kids if you plan to stay in Waikiki. My daughter made several good friends at the pool, and the daily activities, such as lei-making and hula demonstrations, are all ages. For other activities it was easy walking to shopping, other hotel restaurants, and to the bus for outlying excursions. The onsite restaurants are reasonable. Spa prices are competitive for all treatments. Take the Outrigger Catamaran for a great two-hour thrill ride -- we've done the more civilized susnset cruise and the afternoon sail where we got soaked and really got to sail the ocean and interact with the crew.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic Our family (2 adults, 1 teen and 1 fourth grader) stayed for 7 nights April, 2004. We were amazed at the attentiveness of the staff and the personality of the hotel. When we arrived, our room was not ready. The staff allowed us to change into beach wear in an out of the way room, and then kept our bags for us while we went out to explore. Upon our return, we found that they upgraded our partial ocean to a full ocean front room. The hotel itself is on the beach far enought away from the hotel lounge scene to have a sense of tropical relaxation but close enough that everything is but a 5 minute walk away. The hotel has several restaurants. The Shorebird has a wonderful buffet breakfast which includes its famous bread pudding! There is also a incredible eatery by the pool where little lizzards could be spotted on the landscaped greenery. Our hotel room was kept spotless, and all requests for additional towels, etc. were always honored. The room was always kept clean, the decor tasteful and we were never bothered by noise. The staff was always ready to help (arranging transportation, tours, etc.). We loved all the little extras including music and craft demonstrations. Thank you Outrigger for a great stay.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected Way More We booked a partial-ocean view at this hotel because of the previous reviews and we knew the location (as we usually stay at the Ohana Village on Lewer - which doesn't exist anymore). We were really looking forward to it and were extremely disappointed. Our room was a partial ocean view if you looked over the lanai (which could barely fit us), so we asked to be upgraded to an ocean view room which did have a great view, but we were travelling with a 3 year old (stroller  stuff) and the room they ended up putting us in was only accessible by stairs from the 9th or 9 1/2 floor (via the express elevator, which was anything but fast!). Also, we got to the hotel at 11:00 am and was told that our room wasn't ready yet, imagine that?! Our room ended up being ready at exactly 3:00 (which just happens to be check-in time). I was hoping that they would let us in a little early considering we paid for an extra day ($300) (so that we had the room for the day we were leaving, as we weren't flying out until 8:00). In any event, I found the hotel front staff unhelpful, the bathroom was so small I could barley turn around in it, the shower temparture was not constant so we had to be careful when showering our 3 year old (although upon booking (in September 2004) I did book a room with a tub... or so I thought?!), our air conditioner could wake the dead and the room needed a serious make-over. In two weeks we had three housekeepers and two were really good. The location of this hotel is right on the beach which is great, but considering the amount of construction going on, it's not a nice walk through the streets to the main drag - totally run down. I definately will not stay at this hotel again. I really expected something a lot better.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>iyvettei
<Content>Good Location! We checked in an was accidentally given a room on the smoking floor. The front desk upgraded us for free to a city view which was great. The rooms are a little outdated and the tiles in the shower needs to be change! However, the location and the people made the stay worthwhile. We paid $125 per night (Friday-Sunday) on travelocity which was more reasonable than other hotels that I found. The hotel is right on the beach so it was perfect. You can enjoy your mai tai at the Outrigger restaurant/bar and enjoy the beach at the same time. There's also a McDonald's right across the street and Jamba Juice inside the hotel! It's also located in the middle of the Waikiki strip so it's a good spot. Worth it!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>David012
<Content>We loved the Outrigger Reef . . . We just returned from a week at the Outrigger Reef, and it was a terrific place to stay. The rooms were nicely appointed and well maintained, the restaurants were excellent, and the staff was uniformly friendly and helpful. There's free entertainment in the lobby every night, and it was really very good. It's a great location -- right on the beach, but far enough from the center of Waikiki that it's a bit less crowded and noisy.I am mystified by the complaints in some reviews about the timeshare salespeople in the lobby. They do have a desk there, but no one there said one word to me or was trying to approach anyone else in the lobby.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Campy Hawaii Hotel! I've stayed in some really wonderful, luxury resorts in Hawaii, but this is one of my favorites because it has all those cheesy things you expect in a Hawaii Hotel On The Beach: Mai Tai Bar with not-quite-Prime Time singers and hula dancers; multiple pools for late-night rendezvous; the Beach is Right There; souvenir shops galor; excellent Waikiki location with a McDonalds right across the street for those I gotta have an Egg McMuffin mornings. The price is right, too, if you shop right. Take it all with a grain of salt and revel in the 'clean average-ness' of this hotel. Recommended!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peajay66
<Content>Great Hotel! We recently stayed at the Outrigger Reef and found it to be more than I was expecting. I'd booked a Simple Saver room and for some reason was upgraded to a Partial Oceanview. It was on the 11th Floor also overlooking the Pool and Open Lobby Area so it was a little noisy in the early evening, but nothing even light sleeper me couldn't deal with.Previous reviews had me nervous as to what our room woud be like, but I found it clean and roomy enough for the 2 of us (we had a room with 2 double beds). Plenty of Hot water to go around, no matter what time of day. Our room was directly across from the Elevators, but you'd never have known. Even with Spring Break in full swing, never were we bothered by noise or activity.I would hightly recommend the Outrigger Reef to anyone headed to Waikiki!P.S. The Cheif's Hut pool bar has GREAT Mai Tia's!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BelfastAussie
<Content>Loved Every Minute       From Our room Window  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aloha from Oahu Island It was a fabulous vacation we will never forget. We celebrated our 29th anniversary there. We were so busy with many activities, the days flew by. The flight was 8 hours, and so smooth you didn't notice. Our favorite was Hanauma Bay,and snorkled for the first time, anyone can do it. Pearl Habor/Missouri was a great tour, a must. My allergies weren't even active while there, and I could sleep at night. I told my friends I may have to move there for health reasons, ha. It was WONDERFUL.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>StretchNorfolk
<Content>Great Holiday - would stay again We were on holiday from 6-9 November 2004. We were given an upgrade to a suite on the top floor of the hotel. Although we shared a balcony with 4 other rooms we had a 360 degree view - fantastic sea views and great city/mountain views. All the other rooms on our floor were empty so the balcony was all ours. We had a lovely room. The location of the hotel is fantastic, you are straight on to the beach but a nice stroll to shops, bars and more restaurants. Before we arrived we were warned about time share selling but no one approached us. Staff friendly and courteous. Would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef Hotel- it's OK We just returned from 3 nights at the Outrigger Reef. Those who might compare this hotel to resorts on the other islands might be disappointed. Our room in the Pacific Tower was a little run-down. We stayed in a partial Ocean View room with two double beds and paid about $275 per night, which I thought was a lot for the quality of the room. The shower was tiny, there was no tub, and the shower door was coming off. Housekeeping was haphazard; when we checked in there were still bits of trash here and there in the room, and they kept forgetting to provide new coffee cups for in room coffee. The location is central and on the beach, which is great.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderlust17
<Content>Poor service We had a very rough start to our stay in this hotel. We had booked a king room and were taken to a cramped room with no view and one double bed. When we complained, the staff said they had no rooms available that fit our confirmed reservation. They offered to give us a comparable room at a related hotel down the street, which turned out to be off the beach and much less nice than this hotel. We returned to reception to tell them the room was unacceptable and were eventually upgraded to a king room at the Outrigger Reef with a partial ocean view. Why they didn't do this first if they didn't have a regular king room I will never know, but it made us very grumpy to wait nearly two hours to get a room after a very long flight.The room was clean, but nothing special. It had a small outdoor patio, but overlooked the pool and many other patios, which made it very loud and not at all private.We would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room! Stayed at Outrigger Reef on the Beach two nights from 2/24-2/26/05. You're greeted with valet service ($15 a day) that is pretty much manditory considering finding a place to park on the streets of Honolulu is almost impossible. The reception area is very clean and it's openess (no doors) was a great welcoming sight. Upon checking-in we were upgraded from a partial ocean view in the Waikiki tower to a beach front room in the Diamond Head Tower (much larger). You also receive a welcome package with coupons of local merchants and several free postcards of Waikiki. Also included with our room was four free breakfast coupons for ShoreBird restuarant which is located on the main floor of the hotel. The restaurant is a great place to eat! At night you cook your own meat on an open bar overlooking the ocean! What a grillers delight! : ) Our room number was 386. If you want have THE PERFECT ROOM I suggest calling the hotel directly and requesting this room. Since I paid for the partial view room which was $203 a night I'm not sure exactly how much they charge for this room but I guarantee that it would be worth it. Your balcony overlooks the beach and has a perfect view of Diamond Head. Since all my other trips to Hawaii I have stayed with family members that live on the island, I can tell you that staying in Waikiki was quite a change of pace. Staying in Haleiwa before I experienced the more secluded side of Oahu. Waikiki has a Vegas type theme on the main street (which all the major shopping is located...i.e. LV, Prada, Coach etc). Located on the beach are umbrellas and sun chairs with pads are for rent for $10 (set of two chairs and one umbrella with drink holders). Other activities to do on the property are rides on Outrigger Catamarans- one hour for $15 a person...a bargain in Honolulu! This hotel was impressive and I will definitely stay there on future trips to Oahu. I suggest room 386 for anyone looking to have only the best!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would have liked more sun! We were at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach for eight nights, starting January 28th, 2005.The Outrigger Reef on the Beach is a fine hotel, with friendly, helpful and sincere staff. The rooms were very clean, and well maintained. We read the reviews that said to upgrade your room when you got there. We were originally booked in a Standard Room, and asked to be upgraded. The upgrade costs ranged from $25 per night for the City View Room to $110 per night for an Ocean View Junior Suite. (this was 50% of the original upgrade cost) At eight nights, it made it cost prohibitive, so we decided to upgrade to the City View Room. I'm not sure if that was a great idea. The room overlooked the MacDonald's and you had to put up with fairly loud street noise from trucks, busses, and service vehicles. Sometimes it doesn't pay.The room itself was very clean and we slept well during the entire week. It is close to the bus routes and shopping, but if we ever go back, we will probably stay at the other end of the beach because the beach is better (no rocks) and it doesn't really matter if you stay at a hotel on the beach, since many lower star hotels have better beach views and cost less. The other benefit of staying at the other end of the beach is that most of the trendy bars and entertainment are at that end as well. The Outrigger Reef on the Beach is closer to the shopping areas, so if that's what you like to do, then it is ideal.Speaking of shopping, most of the high-end stores are too expensive for souvenirs, and we fould the best place to buy budegt souvenirs was right in the hotel or at the ABC stores, which are all over.We probably won't go back to Wakiki, because it is very commercial and busy. If you're looking to find Hawaii like it is in the movies, it doesn't exist in Wakiki. That said, we had a fabulous tim, but we would have liked a little more sun.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Hotel Loved our room size. 2 wonderful beds, a couch, table, tv and games. We where welcomed and pampered. Our view was perfect. We over looked the ocean and woke up to Diamond Head every morning. What more could you ask for.Our car was brought to us extremely fast.We stayed 6 nights and loved the experience.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good This was our first big holiday together and we were a little nervous after reading some of the bad reviews. No offence but we found most of the bad reviews were by Americans who maybe have a better hotel standard that British people, things such as ice trays don't really concern us but it seems to be a big things with Americans... We booked a standard room and when we got there I cheekily asked for a free upgrade and was told it was $60 a night for a partial ocean view, we declined and he said he would try and get us a good standard room. When we got in our room the balcony was at the side of the hotel but at the end of the block so we got a good view of the beach from there, we were very pleased with that! The sand outside the beach is quite harsh, nice, but definately not soft! and the water is about 3 feet deep for about half a mile out, all dead coral and rock, we went in and were very dissapointed and came out with a couple of cuts.... I'm led to believe that is you walk a half mile to your left or right the water is a lot nicer as they have dug up all the rock. It really is NOT worth going for a swim immediately outside the hotel, although it is good for paddling and the kids to play in for a good 5 or 6 meters befor it gets rocky.The hotel has a good selection of shops, all reasonably priced, although if you walk into town and go in an ABC store (they are everywhere) you will find a better and cheaper selection of everthing you could ever want!The restaurants in the hotel are ok. I say that becuase of the following, the Shorebird has a great breakfast!!!! nice enough lunch, but it is the evening meal we struggled with. You buy a piece of meat and cook it yourself on these big grill things... it was fun and the meat was the best i have ever tasted, but after a long day we did not want to cook our own meal.... and the heat from the grills is eyewateringly hot! not a pleasant experience when the wind blows your way! also no real butter, only creamed butter which sounds nice but doesn't taste that nice!The restaurant next door, cant remember ther name, we went there once and didn't think much of it, quite expensive and everything was served with mashed potato, not a place for children at all!!! the food is for older people who want a nice meal in a nice restaurant but something that doesn't taste brilliant, didn't go back!We did not fancy the place near the pool, looked a bit dirty... drinks from there were nice tho! and quick service...All in all a great holiday! Recommend going to the big island volcano tour!!!!BIG RECOMMENDATION!!! - DON'T TAKE ANY T-SHIRTS!! YOU CAN BUY ABOUT 5 OF THEM FOR 10 AND VERY NICE QUALITY! ASO CHEAP SHORTS AND EVERYTHING! TOWELS VERY CHEAP ALSO!!Email me if you want any info gemmaadair@blueyonder.co.uk  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Skryppy
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for 5 days in Jan 2004 and thought that it was excellent. The hot tub and pool area were great. The view from our room was fabulous. We were upgraded to a suite with partial ocean view. So, we had 2 bathrooms, only one shower but we could both get ready and not bump into each other. Going back again this March for 16 days and looking forward to staying in a nice clean hotel with everything at walking distance. The Shorebird was wonderful if you like to cook. Huge grill to cook on, great staff and a wonderful salad bar. Loved staying right on the beach. Would recommend it to anyone!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Found! Beautiful property! The beach was nice, the view was great even if we had a city-view room. The frontdesk staff were a bit confused at times, but no worries. We asked for a corkscrew and they brought coffee instead! The shops downstairs were top-notch, the spa was nice too. One thing about the spa.. the brochure says that gratituity was incl in price.. it was not. we had to pay more after we already prepaid for a massage. The bar, the Shore Bird was great! You can't beat having a mai tai and overlooking the tide coming in. It was thenext best thing to having a drink on the beach!! The staff were all very nice too. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! We stayed here for a week in January (2005) it was our first time in Hawaii  the staff here was great. The room was nice and we had very good view of the ocean and city - great location and value for your money! We will be coming back in a year and plan on staying here again for sure.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>napagirl
<Content>Rocky beach definite drawback for families We got a complimentary upgrade to a 1 BR ocean view suite! if we had had one of the teeeeensy tiny rooms we heard about from other guests, I think it would have been a miserable week. Nothing is really plush here (old linoleum not marble in bath rooms, very dated decor, ) but it's fine. This is not a deluxe resort, just a clean, comfy, very reasonably priced beach front hotel. A major problem w/the beach for our family: the ocean floor is way too rocky here at the Outrigger Reef beach to enjoy swimming, body surfing. You have to haul all your stuff a 5-7 min walk down the beach and set up camp in a public area. We enjoyed that, but with kids, there was a lot to haul and we couldn't pop up to the room at will. I had planned to rent comfy beach chairs and an umbrella for the day and sip fruity drinks at our hotel while I watched our kids playing on our hotel beach but since they couldn't even walk into the water by the Outrigger Reef, we couldn't. The staff here is very nice and accommodating. Avoid the Shorebird- I think it's RIDICULOUS to pay $20-25 for a nice piece of fish or steak and then stand up for 10 min cooking it myself!!! The Ocean House is a luxury restaurant right next door that for only $3-8 more per entree serves you wonderful food with an incredible view from every table.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great - but did the trick. Stayed at Outrigger as an inexpensive option for our last 2 days in Hawaii. It was okay with it because I wasn't looking for anything special (already had that on other islands) I was only on Oahu to see Pearl Harbor and to fly home. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone making Oahu a focus of their trip to Hawaii.Pros - - Clean- Efficient- Well located- Porches- Nice pool area- On beach- Okay restaurants (one is open until 1 am)- Fridges in every roomCons- - TINY rooms (bathrooms only have showers, barely room to lay out our 2 suitcases)- Very commercial - no character - lots of stores in lobby, but not all that classy- Too bureaucratic - my husband called down to see if he could get a bottle opener for a beer he had in our fridge - and they told him that he'd have to go downstairs to leave a deposit first (for a $1 bottle opener!). Not very accomodating to special needs -very not personal.- Hard to deal with over the phone - I tried to arrange a shuttle to pearl harbor before we arrived, they wouldn't take reservations over the phone and couldn't give me any concrete information - I ended up just renting a car.- Not enough seating in lobby (very busy, noisy lobby). We checked out at noon on Saturday but weren't leaving until that evening. It was raining so we couldn't sit on the beach. We wanted to just sit in the lobby and read for a few hours while we waited, but so did everyone else checking out that day and there were only about 4 sitting areas - 3 of which were in the middle of a massive wind tunnel that made you feel like you were on a speedboat. Not very pleasant.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, first time trip experience Stayed at the Outrigger Reef for 7 days during our first trip to Hawaii. Booked a standard room and was given a room on the 9th floor with a partial ocean view, (happen to see some of the full-ocean view rooms and their view was spectacular). Room was on the small side but very clean with a nice balcony, you really are very seldom in the room anyway.The Shorebird restaurant, located in the hotel, has a great salad bar/breakfast buffet and is one of the best deals we found for breakfast. The beach directly in front of the hotel is fine but rocky once you enter the water. A short stroll down the beach finds much better conditions. Location is great, we walked to most of the places we ate and Diamond Head, which is in full view, is just a short drive away. Time-share sales in the lobby can be annoying but are easily avoided.We only went to our room to sleep and change clothes, after all you are in paradise and you will want to take it all in. If a clean room, good food, and being able to literally step out of the hotel and onto the beach sounds good to you then you'll love the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the outrigger reef on the beach We spent 8 nights at the outrigger over thanksgiving this year. We loved walking right onto the beach from the back of the hotel and the Shorebird Restaurant for breakfast buffet was great! Our room was just right, the bathroom was compact with a place for everything. The hotel was within walking distance of so many places, we would go back and stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Treveler
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We spent 12 nights at the Outrigger Reef last January (2004). The room was very nice. It was clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The Shorebird is a resturant not to miss. Cooking your own food on the grill was fun. The hotel was near shopping and right on the beach. There were many resturants nearby with many choices of food.Would I go back? Absolutly.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>whitespruce
<Content>Smallest Room Ever I had stayed at the reef about 10 years ago and had a lovely, large room. So I booked again--through Travelocity. I agree with the previous reviews on the tiny rooms. We couldn't hardly turn around and the bathroom was hopeless. I wonder if they put people in them who book online? I would call first to see what room they were putting me in and the price--before I booked the Reef online again. The oceanview was a real neck twister to barely see it, what we did see was the hotel a few feet away. Not special.The Beach House restaurant is really nice. Excellent service and lovely, romantic views while eatting.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Include this Hotel in your short list AlohaWe stayed for 10 nights at the Outrigger Reef Nov14-24 2004 and would go back in a second. We payed for a Part Ocean View and were upgraded to Ocean View without asking and without expecting. Had to wait 3 hours to check- in due to a very busy checkout day ( Sunday ) as guaranteed checkin 3pm and we arrived at 10:30 am in HNL Airport. This was probably the only low-light of our stay and obviously to most waiting in the bar 3 hours by the beach is no hardship - it was only my husband was slightly unwell. This hotel has everything you could need and while some of the 5 star hotels are definitely more polished this hotel is very easy to feel at ease in. The location is also good as it is at the beginning of the strip away from the heart of things and is a great walk down the beach or down Kalakaua Ave. The 'BUS' stop is just across the road. Yes the ocean floor out front is very rocky but for a 50 metre walk down the beach you can feel the white sands of Waikiki ( imported from Australia ) beneath your toes. The pool is one of the biggest in Waikiki, stacks of lounges and very clean.The restaurants are very busy ( that says something) and reservations strongly recommended.The Housekeeping staff ( Level 5 Ocean Tower ) are the epitome of Aloha and our room was always cleaned beautifully. For a slightly above average priced holiday unless you are incredibly fussy and need to be mollycoddled you will love it here! Mahalo  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time had- again!! My family and family friends stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach, for a few days the week before Thanksgiving. We had stayed for an entire week previously at the Outrigger Reef three years ago and had a wonderfull time and decided to stay for our short visit on the way to the Big Island. We again were not disappointed, upon arrival we were given an upgrade. My husband is in a wheelchair the room was completely accessible, (a little crowded), clean and fresh. The staff is always helpful, from giving tips to directions. We ate at the Shorebird and had difficulty with the grill but the wait staff provided free dessert. The breakfast buffet offers something for everyone. The location is great with some fine stores all within walking distance. We'll stay there again. We had a much better time on Oahu than the Big Island as far as accessiblity. Do Not stay at the King Kamehameha Kona Beach Hotel it is extremely run down and dirty.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Reef! We stayed at the Outrigger for 4 nights on our honeymoon in October. They upgraded us to an ocean front room and brought us a bottle of champaign on our first night! This hotel is right on the beach and has 2 restuarants right on the beach in addition to a great place to eat at the pool along with the sports bar at the pool. We never had a problem getting a chair at the pool. We spent most of our days going back and forth from the ocean to the pool - there is also a little sandwich, ice cram and smoothie shop right next door that we would eat lunch at on the beach that is pretty cheap. It is on the far end of Waikiki, which we liked cause you are close to the action but also have some quiet. We will definitly stay here again when we return to Oahu.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fantastic Time!       Outrigger Reef Hotel  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gavve
<Content>Paradise Stayed here for 5 nights late October... had read some negative reviews about the resort... i didnot experience this... had paid for a standard room and was upgraded to a suite overlooking pool without having to ask.. the front desk clerks were all very helpful and no question was not answered without courtesy. Meals and shops were a little expensive but the hotel is situated in a great position and there are numerous restaurants and cafes within walking distance.. its also a great position to catch transport to lots of venues... the beach is a little rocky , but take beach shoes or buy them there... i would definately stay here again.. and i also believe there is going to be a refurbish done next year...  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kymiss
<Content>Can't wait to stay at outrigger again We just returned from our 5 night stay at Outrigger Reef, and it was awesome. We booked an ocean view room and did not regret it, the view of the ocean and Diamond Head was spectacular! We left the wide sliding doors open all night and enjoyed the breeze and sounds of the ocean. Our room was in the Ocean tower (I think that was the name) closest to the beach, because we were on the 9th floor there was an express elevator that did not stop between the lobby floor and floor 9. This made coming and going quick and easy. The restaurants were well run and provided great service. We especially enjoyed the breakfast specials at the Chiefs Hut and the lunch buffet at Shorebirds. The staff of the hotel was friendly and willing to help out in any way they could. When our bags were brought up to the room by the bell staff I questioned him on the location of the ice machine. He took our ice bucket and filled it with ice for us (and pointed it out so we could find it later) There are timeshare people in the lobby but we politely said no thank you each time they asked us if we wanted to receive a free gift and they did not bother us at all. However, I will note there were alot of people lined up to talk to them so the business is obviously worth their efforts. In conclusion, we highly recommend this property...pay the extra money for the ocean view room it is well worth it and after all you can see city sights and other buildings from hotel rooms in your hometown, you can only see the beaches of Honolulu from an oceanview room in Hawaii!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>knuckles01
<Content>A Great Hotel We cruised from Vancouver to Hawaii in Sept/Oct 2004, and before flying home, stayed 3 days at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. The travel agent booked the hotel and said it was above average, but after reading some of the previous reviews on TripAdvisor, we became quite concerned.We disembarked the ship in Honolulu on Oct. 6 at about 11:00 am and took a taxi to the hotel. We realized it was a little early to check in, but hoped our room would be ready. It wasn't, and to our surprise, we were told it wouldn't be ready until 3:00 pm, which is later than most hotels in our experience. They did take our luggage though, so we were able to wander around Waikiki until 3:00.The room was ready exactly on time. We were on the 11th floor of the Pacific tower facing the beach, and had a standard room. It was a corner room (1163 or 1164 I believe) and we had a partial view of the ocean. The room was large, with a balcony, a king sized bed, a kitchenette, a couch, and a good sized kitchen table. It was certainly larger than most rooms I've had in hotels across Canada or the US. The only negative thing I noted about the room was that there was no bathtub, just a shower. Having just spent 11 days on a cruise ship with a tiny shower, my wife was looking forward to a bath. I prefer showers anyway, so wasn't bothered at all. It was a large shower, so I was quite comfortable.The hotel was beautiful, the service from the front desk, the concierge, the bell desk, the restaurants, and the shops in the hotel was first class. There was outstanding entertainment in the open lobby every day and they even provided exercise classes on the beach every morning at 7:00 am. I must say that I was disappointed with the beach; the sand outside the hotel and the adjoining park was more like silica than the powder found farther up Waikiki beach towards Diamond Head, and the beach was quite rocky in the water. One of the bell staff told me that the sand was trucked in when the area was developed. I should also note that I was very disappointed that the hotel provided space in the main lobby for a time-share sales company. They were moderately aggressive and because they were stationed between the elevators and the street, we were accosted at least a dozen times in the 3 days we were there. Overall, the hotel was beautiful. The room and the amenities were very good (except for the lack of a bathtub); the service from all staff was outstanding; but the time share harassment was quite annoying. The beach was not what we expected, but I believe the city was responsible for that, not the hotel. I would not hesitate to stay at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach again if I have the opportunity to return to Hawaii.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rissanela
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Terrible Rooms The hotel is one of the most beaituful on Waikiki beach, almost as nice as the the Hilton Hawaiin Village, BUT THE ROOMS WERE THE SMALLEST I EVER STAYED IN! about the size of a regular cabin on a cruise ship! we could barely unpack and were hopping over out suitcases the whole time. We asked to be moved to a another room, and got no assistance or apologies from the management. Our balcony faced the hotel next door, only about 10 feet across the way. The room was dark, smelled wet all the time, the bathroom was so small you could barely navigate around it, and housekeeping was skimpy with toiletries!However, the location was great, much better than the Hilton Hawaiin Village. Even though they are both right on the beach, the Outrigger is right in the middle of all of the shops and restaurants in Waikiki.The beach was crowded, but the water was very calm and clean. No snorkeling to be done there, and my brother wouldve liked more waves, but I enjoyed it.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the outrigger reef! My husband and I stayed at the outrigger reef while we were on our honeymoon from Sept.19th to Sept.26th. We thought the location of the hotel was perfect! We loved being right on the beach and the convenience of walking to various shops nearby.  We stayed in the ocean tower and had a partial ocean view room. There was plenty of room for just the two of us, we didn't even use the sitting area. The view from our room was beautiful, the diamondhead crater and ocean were in full view from our balcony. We were also able to watch the sun rise and set from the balcony a few times. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and we had no problems with the timeshare people, they didn't approach us the entire time we were there. The room was kept clean everyday and we were never short of towels or other supplies. We ate at the Shorebird restaurant that's located on the beach and loved the food. There were other places to eat right across the street from the hotel for reasonable prices as well.  The staff at the activities desk were extremely helpful in assisting us with booking different activities. This was great since this was our first trip to Hawaii. The tour buses would pick us up right next to the hotel, talk about convenience! Well, if it's convenience and location and friendly staff you're after I recommend this hotel. My husband and I are definitely staying at the outrigger reef again on our next trip to Hawaii!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing hotel Stayed at the Reef as part of my wedding/honeymoon. On arrival were given a pokey/dirty/overlooked room, complained to reception and from then on the service from 99% of reception staff was unhelpful and even rude at times.Had to pay for upgrade to decent size clean room so that wedding was not spoilt. No special attention was given because we were getting married! Would not stay in this hotel again, it lets Oahu down. Luckily all the rest of our experiences in Oahu were fanatastic, including our wedding.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LizM65
<Content>Had a great time We had a great stay at this hotel. The rooms are a bit small - especially the bathroom - but since you don't spend much time there it doesn't matter. We found the staff both friendly and efficient and weren't bothered by the timeshare people. The hotels location is superb - right on the beach and only 2 minutes walk from the main shops and restaurants. The Shorebird restaurant is great for the breakfast buffet and is good value. My only gripe is the people at the pool who give out the towels - they constantly try to sell you suntan lotion and sunglasses. After a week it does get annoying. Apart from this I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and Oahu . We had the time of our lives.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place to spend our honeymoon My husband and I went to Oahu for our Honeymoon; we stayed 7 days at Reef on the Beach. September 20-28, 2004. We got to the hotel about 6pm, two steps out of the van and the bellhop was there with a cart to take our luggage. We checked in, room 600 in the Ocean Tower (the 2nd set of elevators). We go up to the room and open the door and there waiting for us is a bottle of champagne. We had an inside room, but if you went out on the porch you could still see the ocean which I was very excited about!We called Bell Services and they brought our bags up very quickly. During our stay we also acquired maintenance for our TV, we wanted to rent a movie and it wouldn't allow us. They came up and had a new box on the TV in 20 minutes or less and also house keeping, the blow dryer died on me, they had a new one for me in 5 minutes.The room was nice and clean, before we left I heard a lot of reviews about the small showers.... though it wasn't a huge bathroom but I didn't think the shower was that small. It was a stand up shower and served its purpose very well.The hotel has different crafters each day of the week in the lobby area, we loved going day each day and seeing the new craft that was there! Also check your info sheet for the hotel (under door every couple of days) they have morning exercises on the beach and shows and music and my husband and I also renewed our vows on the beach on Friday morning when we were there. It was wonderful and the hotel does this service for free, we said vows in Hawaiian and then our own personal vows and at the end we received a certificate.We went out for breakfast at the Chief's Hut almost everyday. They have morning specials for $4.95, service is friendly and quick and the food is very good.We also at Dinner at the Shorebird, this beach overlook the beach. With each dinner you get all you can eat salad bar, the salad bar is huge, I really didn't even need my chicken dinner after the salad bar! So we got up and got our salad bar and sat down, they brought our meat out to us... you cook your own dinner!! It was pretty neat!There is a starbucks in the lobby, which is very friendly and quick, and they were also building a smoothie company that is connected to starbucks, which should be open in late Oct/early Nov.The pool (salt water pool!) is very nice and as long as you get out there by 8am-9am you'll get your choice of lounge chairs. What we did was get a chair and then grab a bit to eat. The hot tubs are awesome so relaxing after a day of walking!The ocean, Waikiki is a man made beach and the water has a lot of big rocks in them... I didn't like swimming in the water, but the beach is a wonderful place to get a tan!The front desk gave us a small package when we checked in, we were giving 3 postcards from the outrigger... we were told we didn't have to put stamps on them just give them back to the front desk... to date the 3 postcards we sent out have yet to reach their destinations... I suggest keep those as a keepsake and buy then at any store for 7 for a buck and then stamps...We shopped in almost every shop there, they were all pleasant and nice and the prices aren't too high... 6 t-shirts for $20 downstairs! Though you can get 8 for $20 if you walk down to International MarketWe did do the time-share, I would recommend it... I did it for the $100 gift cert we got... they estimate 90-120 minutes we were there for 2 1/2 hours and they really try to sell the time share to us... but my husband finally told them no and we got our $100 and left. They did ask a few times if we had gone to their presentation but really there were only 4 or 5 people who work there and they started recognizing us after a day or two... All in all we had a wonderful time and we would go back again and again if we have the chance.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Quancolly
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location On reading some reviews we were a little concerned about the hotel (I think it must have been refurbished) as we thought the whole complex was wonderful and right on the beach.We were given a free upgrade (without asking) to an amazing room with 2 balconies (one with city view, the other a sea view). Bars and restaurants in the hotel were fantastic, especially the one where you cook your own food, you order and then given raw food and join the other diners at a massive grill cooking it. Good fun and a great way to meet others. And the open bar (1 of 3) overlooking the beach and ocean, with live music playing was a great way to end the evening.The location is perfect, 5 minutes into the main town. Staff were friendly and really wanted you to have a fantastic stay, which we did and certainly would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pay a 5-star price to receive 1-star service After booking everything online, we arrived at the hotel at 12:00 a.m. to get check-in. By then, the kids were very tired and just want to rest. We arrived to find out that the kids were not included in the original booking, I was asked to wait while they went to check with the manager in the back. After 30 minutes, the clerk was very indifferent and told me that it will cost me an additional $60 per night. At this time, I was paying $239 for the room. When I finally got to the room, it was a big disappointment. The restroom floor were so old and dirty, it was grayish. Part of the room was added on and didn't match with the rest of the room. We called the front desk again and asked for the manager. We spent an hour on the phone with her and the voice that entire time was very indifferent. The only thing that she could do was to waive our cancellation fee if we decided to check out early. Wow, this hotel should have a customer service policy of We are indifferent at all time. I was very glad that we switched to Marriott. That was the first time I see anyone smiled.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chrisak
<Content>Great Place This was my second stay at the Outrigger Reef on the beach. It is still a great place to stay. The Outrigger Reef is a great family place. The staff was great and very friendly. The timeshare people were not a problem. The restaurants were great and so were with their kids menus. My only complaint was that I could not keep my room past the check out time for the extra fee. It would have been easier since I had my 15 month old son and our flight was at 9pm. The courtesy room for 45 minutes was not enough time to get a small child ready and to take a nap.Otherwise we had a great time and we will be back.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanessa_S1977
<Content>Wonderful Hotel is in an excellent location. Right on the beach. Can't get any closer than that. Like a previous reviewer said, take beach shoes if you plan to go into the water...very rocky. Buy yourself an air bed from one of the shops in the hotel ($2.95USD+tax). You can have a lot of fun with those.Our room was a partial ocean view but it was a rather good view.During our stay the Aloha Festival Block Party was happening, so we spent the night there listening to some great local bands.I recommend staying here.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A high-low hotel We stayed here in 2000 in a partial ocean view room. The location is wonderful, the beach is right out the back door, the water is close to the hotel (useful to know for handicapped travellers) and all the staff were friendly, efficient and professional. The services we used were good quality, the pool was a little crowded (but that seem standard for Waikiki) but clean, and we were able to use it when we wanted. The hotel is not the best for middle-of-the-road travellers -- you should either pay for the good views or choose the cheap rooms, and dine at the oceanfront restaurants or off property. Our room had a wonderful view of the hotel next door, and if we went out on the lanai to see a sliver of ocean, we were serenaded by the air conditioners. We probably should have asked for a higher floor or an upgrade (and we may next time) but that was our only real disappointment. I was unimpressed with the quality of the Chief's Hut, but the other restaurants were satisfactory.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was a great experience The experience was great! We have no regrets!! We got free upgrade to our room, had a wonderful city/ocean view. The people at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is great. The restaurants in the hotel are very good with very good prices. The beach in front of the hotel is not crowded, the only thing do take beach shoes or water shoes becuase the beach is rocky but other than that you will very much enjoy your stay there. Will stay there anytime!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bit of a disappointment It was my childhood dream to go to Hawaii and it was finally realised this August for our 25th wedding anniversary. We arrived from the Luxor after a week in Vegas, and then arrived here. The place was shabby from the outside but I hoped it would be better on the inside....unfortunately not... The reception and restaurants were nicely done but the rooms were shabby, tiny, and not very inspiring at all. We could see the ocean if we looked through the other tall buildings, and the balcony was a waste of time - who wants to look out straight into some one elses balcony!The beach was also a disappointment and the sun beds cost a fortune! But that is not the fault of the hotel but it is worth mentioning as it may be better going to another hotel on the other side of the Island, which is more like the Hawaii I expected! - serves me right for still thinking it was like Hawaii 5-0!! - how naiive am I!! well it was a long time ago!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to scratch The hotel is in a great location and the service and restaurants are great. The rooms are not up to scratch which was desperately dissappointing for us, having travelled over 20hours to get there. We changed rooms three times and they were all the same and not up to the standards we would expect, especially considering how much we paid.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, will go back! Can only say how wonderful this place was. I have to admit after reading previous reviews, I was skeptical when I arrived, and today I am glad of the choice I made to stay here. It was clean, and the location was great, and local to all shopping and dinning.. The vallee parking was quick, not long and inconvenience as other reviewers had commented. Our housekeeper was wonderful, I tipped her graciously for her great effort in all she did. The one thing I do have to suggest for those using the beach, take beach shoes, the beach was very rocky (ouch!). Other than that it was a perfect place for my families stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanne511
<Content>Outrigger Reef was great! My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Outrigger Reef in Waikiki. I was in Honolulu on business, so my husband came along for the ride since he had never been to Oahu before. We found the Outrigger Reef to be a wonderful place to stay. The location is ideal - ON the beach and right near the heart of Waikiki shopping. One night we saw a sea turtle swimming near us in the water right outside the hotel. It was amazing! The beach is rocky once you get in the water but was still good for swimming.The staff was great and the valet group was really helpful. Our room was huge! We stayed in room 316 (Ocean Tower) and had a partial ocean view. The bathroom was pretty small but functional and efficient. (Loved their sea kelp soap!) We also had a couch in our room, which my husband stretched out on to read when it was too hot outside. One thing I did notice was the walls were a bit thin. We had a family with young children next door and once or twice we could hear the kids screaming/crying, but it wasn't anything that kept us up at night. The restaurants we ate at were the Chief Hut (for breakfast) and the Shore Bird (breakfast buffet, lunch, and dinner). The prices were reasonable and the food/drink was good. We would absolutely stay there again and will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Most Definately Stay There Again We had reviewed some of the reviews posted about this hotel and was concerned about some of the things posted. We found the rooms to be a bit small but exceptionally clean. We asked for an upgrade upon our arrival and they worked very hard to accommodate us and did so without additional cost. You have to valet park but that seems pretty standard in Honolulu. The valet is exceptional as well. We never waited long for our car and they aimed to please. In the room there was a refridgerator and a private Lanai. We had a partial view of the ocean which was fine because we spent more time outside the hotel than inside. The staff was very friendly and courteous. I couldn't praise them more. We would most definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not enough stars The OUTRIGGER REEF ON THE BEACH was superb in every, from the accommodations to the service, to the attitude of the staff who could not have been more helpful. The children loved it and, as regular and seasoned travellers, we were very impressed. I would recommend Oahu as the PARADISE it is said to be and the OUTRIGGER as the place to stay for value for money, quality and comfort. The hotel is on the beach, close to all the pleasures waikiki has to offer. We will be back very soon. The sunshine certainly beats a British summer.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Interesting stay at Outrigger Reef The hotel put us in a room right by the elevators so of course we heard the elevators going up and down all night long - Service at the bar very good - the Shore Side restaurant breakfast buffet very good and the idea of cooking your own meat at night at the same restaurant was interesting - The marriage renewal ceremony on Friday was nice - but not well planned - If we go back to Hawaii we probably won't stay there or in Wakikik at all - too commercial  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not perfect, but excellent We recently returned from a week's stay in Oahu for our honeymoon. When I chose the Outrigger Reef, I had read all the reviews and knew what to expect. Yes, the bathrooms are tiny. Yes, there are nicer hotels. But I'll tell you this - I highly doubt there is a better hotel in Honolulu for the money.We stayed in an ocean front room - probably one of the best views from a hotel lanai in Honolulu (the hotel sits on the beach, about 30 feet away from the water). The room came with a king bed, a couch, two chairs and a table, plus chairs and a small table on the lanai. The room itself was not overly spectacular, but if you plan to spend most of your time in your hotel room, you probably shouldn't be going to Hawaii!The beach in front of the hotel - which is NOT Waikiki, as other reviewers have mistakenly stated - doesn't get too crowded (like Waikiki), but there are better beaches on the island to relax at (try the North Shore). It really empties out when the sun goes down, which gives you a chance to take a nice, quiet beach stroll or to sit on your lanai and listen to the ocean.As stated by other reviewers, the staff is very friendly. The timeshare people can be annoying, but easily avoided. The valets work hard at their jobs, but occasionally it can take a while to get your car (when there's only three of them trying to get cars for a lobby full of people, the long wait is understandable). The restaurants are good, but not great.Overall, if you're going to Oahu to try and take in as much as the island has to offer, this is a great place to stay. A lot of things are within walking distance, and it's a nice place to return to after a day on the beach or seeing the sites. If you plan to spend most of your time in your room, I'd suggest staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect We spent a week of our honeymoon here and the hotel was faultless. Spotlessly clean at all times, the staff were all friendly and welcoming. Nothing was too much trouble for them.There's a good selection of shops on the premises, selling clothing, food and drink and a whole lot more, and three restaurants. Our favourite was The Shore Bird, overlooking Waikiki Beach, where you're given raw pieces of meat or fish to take over and cook yourself on their barbecue. Rooms were compact but very functional, with a safe and fridge in the room, although the bathroom was a little small. The lifts are very slow, but then again, this is Hawaii! We concluded that the lifts ran on Hawaiian time!The hotel is in a good location, between the market place area to the east and the Ala Moana shopping area to the west. I'd stay at the Outrigger Reef again in a heartbeat and can recommend it to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't hesitate.....stay here! After booking, then reading the reviews we tried to find another hotel. We couldn't because their was a big convention in town. We stayed the last week in July. I loved this hotel! We had booked a city view room for the price, but were upgraded to a partial ocean view overlooking the ocean and the pool. Room was terrific. We kept the lanai (sp.?) doors open the entire time we were in the room even at night. The only negative thing was there was only a shower no bathtub. Bathroom was more than okay. Things to think about:We were told everything was sooo expensive. Not so. Stay away from expensive places. We mostly ate what the locals ate and for great prices. The bakery in the bottom of the hotel across the street was wonderful. You can eat till your stuffed for under $3. Lunch plates could be found everywhere for under $6. Zippy's fast food restaurent was local, cheap, and great. If you want a truly memorable meal and have an extra $100 try The Ocean House in the hotel and eat sitting by the beach. You will not be sorry. Drinks are expensive most places. Across the street at the Broilerhouse, Mai-Tai's are under $2, though. if you have a car, Kailua and Lanikae (sp.?) are beautiful places to go swim and not crowded. Buzz' Steakhouse is another memorable, but expensive place to eat across from Kailua Beach. Go at lunch. You really should have a reservation for dinner if you don't want to wait. Try the Artichoke for an appetizer and the Key Lime Pie with Guava Sauce for dessert. Terrific!! We did lots of touristy things, but the one you don't want to miss out on is the Polynesian Culteral Center. Definitely worth the time. If I could only do one thing, (besides the beaches) that would be it. The hotel beach was fine, but the sand in the water was rocky. You can walk two minutes in either direction and the water is fine. We spent time and thoroughly enjoyed the beach around the hotel. It wasn't that crowded except for Saturday and Sunday. Other beaches around the island were more private and the sand was of a better quality. Other things not to miss are the Internatial Market Bazaar. Cheap gifts. For even cheaper gifts (but the sme ones) try the Swap Meet at the Aloha Stadium. Good quality t-shirts $2 are everywhere. You might want to buy a BIG quality rolling suitcase to take back all your stuff in for only $10! Whatever you wanted to take back you could fin it at the Staium. All in all we had a great vacation! About the hotel, it was a great place to come back to. One hint. Ask for the highest floor possible. We were on the 16th out of 17. It's easier to catch an elevator that's empty and not have to try to push your way into a crowded one.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very dissapointed We arrived at the Outrigger exhausted from travel to board the tiny and SLOW elevators. It took two trips for my party to even get upstairs. We went into our rooms to find them to be small and musty. I had booked three rooms for 8 people and was dissapointed in the size and humidity in the room. The front desk spent a lot of time with me standing in the lobby trying to find larger rooms without success. Food in the resaturant was expensive and not very good.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will LOVE staying here! I can not say enough nice things about our family's week stay. Our 8th floor room in the Ocean tower had a lovely view of the beach and Diamond Head right from the balcony. The facility is absolutely TOPS! But what made all the difference for us was how EVERY SINGLE staff member made us feel like they REALLY wanted us to come back again and that they were TRULY happy that we were staying there. THEY MADE US FEEL GREAT while we enjoyed PARADISE! We never wanted to leave the resort! Thanks for making our vacation!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reef on the Beach is aptly named I stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki Reef on the Beach for one week, from July 5 to July 10. We stayed in a standard room in the Ocean Tower that had no view 鈥?however, the room came with a patio, so if you are out on the patio you have a very nice partial ocean view. The rooms were small, and so were the bathrooms, but I鈥檓 from New York so small rooms and no views are something I can live with. Besides, you will be spending very little time in the room anyways. Oddly enough, there were bugs that flew that magically appeared in my room nightly that were a slight nuisance. And, the Reef on the Beach could not be more aptly named 鈥?that beach is full of rocks and is not fun to swim in. If you decide to go swimming in there, I highly recommend you purchase some swimming shoes, the ones that you can wear in the water to protect your feet. The hotel itself was nice 鈥?many restaurants, including the Shorebird where you cook your own food, and plenty of shops, a fitness gym, and a place for high speed internet access. It is conveniently located to many restaurants and Kalakua Avenue, a main block in Waikiki, and the staff was friendly. One great benefit was a room to shower in after I checked out, which was very convenient since my flight was at 10 PM. The place was fine for a week but I probably would not stay there again the next time I am in Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WJT-DJT
<Content>Great Place for a Family to Stay We just returned from staying 5 nights at the Outrigger Reef and it was a great place for our family (Mom, Dad and 2 daughter - 17 and 23). We had a 1 bedroom ocean front room over the 4th of July. The room was plenty big enough for the four of us and offered a gret view of the fireworks on the 4th.The Outrigger was fantastic for us. Very family friendly and down to earth. The staff was super helpful with anything we asked for. The resturants were great with two on the beach and one poolside.It had all the amenities of the fancier higher priced hotels down the beach, but much more down to earth.The only drawback, as has been said before, was the bathroom. It was not just small, but tiny. But we were not there to spend all the time in the bathroom and even with it's overall size, the shower was larger than our showere here at home.We will stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KYHome
<Content>Great stay in Waikiki! We had a great stay at the Outrigger Reef on the beach in Mid-June. We were supposed to have a standard-size room but when we checked in, I asked for an upgrade. I was told that I was already upgraded to a partial ocean view room. The room was plenty big, with a king size bed and other furniture. The bathroom was big enough for two people to be in at a time. It was a little outdated but very clean and functional. The time share people never spoke to us so we did not at all feel bothered by them. The activities desk was very helpful and gave good informative tips for sightseeing. On the day we checked out, our flight did not leave until late evening. The bell desk held our bags for us for the entire day and then the front desk gave us a clean hotel room with shower for an hour so we could change and shower before leaving. This was a huge help, as it gave us that extra afternoon to spend at the beach!The location of the hotel is great-close to the shops and restaurants and right on the beach. If you walk down about 100 meters from the hotel, the beach is less crowded, not as rocky, and easier to swim in. We would definetely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger!! My friend and I stayed at this hotel June 3-10. We hated to leave! We booked a partial ocean view. When we arrived we asked if there were any upgrades available and were upgraded to ocean view. It was stunning! It was an extremely large balcony to be shared with four other penthouses; however, we didn't see a soul the whole time we were there. It was very quiet, and we could see Diamond Head to the south and the pennisula to the north. The lobby area is open and airy and beautiful. The pool and restaurants were great. The shorebird is right on the beach with a great island feel to it. The Shorebird and lobby have nightly entertainment. The beach was nice. It's a little crowded and, yes, a little rocky. Bring your own blow-up flotation device, as you have to pay for ANYTHING you want to use, including beach chairs and umbrella. The hotel has Aloha Fridays where I learned to make a fresh flower lei, learned the hula, and took a ukelele lesson. (complimentary). We would stay here again in a second! The timeshare people have their own desk and never bothered us or anyone else that I saw. I saw a review on this hotel by a travel agent, and she said the standard rooms are small and dark. So as long as you stay away from those, I think you'll be pleased!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a small room!! Our room was so tiny that the queen size bed was up against a window wall and I had to crawl to the bottom of the bed to get out. Next to the bed was a medium sized dresser and then the wall--you could not have placed a twin sized bed next to ours the room was so narrow. We requested an upgrade but were told the hotel was sold out. We are timeshare owners, VIP owners!, and were in that less than comfortable room for five days. Yes, the lobby, restaurants, and shops were very nice but we spent more time in our room than in the lobby. The beach is very rocky and not really appropriate for swimming since walking in the water is painful. Would we stay there again? Yes, if we could be in a larger room. By the way, the staff was great and the hotel was conveniently located to the downtown area.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CHtraveler1234
<Content>Very Pleasantly Surprised As former residents on our first trip back to HI with our two teenagers, we were very skeptical of a stay in Waikiki. The Reef was outstanding - we actually hated to leave! The keys for us were: ocean FRONT room and a high floor. We had 3 beds in this regular room (fold out sofa), no noise other than the waves, amazing views - especially of the sunsets, moon rises and the turtles swimming in front of the hotel. The staff was very friendly, and the few meals we ate there were fine. The Reef is at the quiet end of Waikiki, so to speak, right next to the Ft. DeRussey park. Yes, the bathrooms are small and dated (who needs to spend alot of time there?) and the traffic is a bear - as is everywhere this part of Honolulu. The valet service was quick and always friendly. We left wishing we had planned to stay a few more days. Also, got a great rate with the Entertainment Card/Book discount. Highly recommend you check it out. We would definitely stay at the Reef again, until we can afford the Halekulani right next door...  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waterski34
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Outrigger Reef 6/10-6/16. We were pleasantly surprised how nice and user friendly the hotel was. We traveled with our 5 and 13 yr olds so we upgraded our room to a one bedroom city view room which was well worth it. The room was clean and in good repair. The beach and beach activities were great, even took surfing lesson two days. All in all a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef Good News first! We stayed here 6/5/04 - 6/12/04 The lobby is nice with various island gear shops and pantry. Three restaurants, one for pool side dining thoughout the day  evening, The Shorebird which is open air and in a perfect spot facing the ocean, the breakfast buffet was wonderful and the service great! The Ocean, which is more elegant and basically evening dining. We checked in family of five, the hotel clerk was not exactly cheerful, it appeared that she kept me waiting longer than necessary and when she did motion me to step up for my turn not once did she smile. It took her awhile to process my booking info. and give me my promotion packages for my children. I was supposed to get a beach kit with sand bucket according to the package I purchase but that was not given to me. Instead I was given two of the same promotions which was a Big Kahuna canvas tote bag with a CD, etc. Well problem is the promotions was supposed to be for my kids and age appropriate. Anyway, I chose not to say anything because I did not want to get off to a bad start and we were tired from our long day of travel and the kids were excited and wanted to go to the beach. We were given rooms on the 17th floor which is the very top. We had connecting rooms for our three children. The timeshare booth is right behind guest services and I made a big mistake of stopping there to pick-up a coupon book not knowing that it was a timeshare booth. Immediately as I stepped off the elevator on the 17th floor I could see the difference appearance from the lobby. The wallpaper seemed dull and the carpet was old. Our room looked as though it was tidy on first appearance but missing that sparkle. There was food smashed into the carpet that had harden, I sat in the chair and found crumbles along the side of the seat cushion and even a capsule of somekind. May have been a perscribed medication maybe not. Our room had a small kitchenette the microwave was dirty ants was crawling in it. I did not feel comfortable using anything in the cabnet, silverware, coffee cups, dishtowel, nothing. The first night when I was sleeping I felt something crawling on my left ankle but just did not turn on the light. I just brushed it off with my other foot to scared to look afraid of what my reaction would be. That morning as I was coming out of the bathroom I saw something yellow crawling on my pillow and knocked it on the floor. About a minute later I saw another one of the bedspread and picked it up with a piece of paper and flushed it down the toilet. Then another appeared and I lost it and called guest services who transferred me to housekeeping and sent someone up to my room. Where I had put the last one in the toilet and showed it to the housekeeper who barely spoke english but told me it was a TERMITE then she left without saying anything. I called guest services again, and was told that they would send someone to spray. Needless to say, that is what was crawling on me the night before. I searched the kids room and did not see any except the one that someone had stepped on which was smashed into a towel on the floor in front of the shower. I also noticed that the shower (no bathtub) was really small and the ceiling in the bathroom usually low. If I raised my hands over my head to put on my shirt my hands would hit the sealing (I am 5'7) the ceiling must have only been 6'0. The day before we left my husband was checking everywhere in the kids room to make sure that had not forgotten anything and we found an old Gadorade bottle underneath the bed. We had not brought any gadorade so who knows how long that had been under the bed. A few birds left droppings on our balconey a few days earlier and it was never cleaned up so we could not go out and sit on the balconey if we wanted too. The middle elevator was always out of service which caused long waiting periods when you needed to get on. Not to mention that the doors would close abrutly without much of a time delay and if you were not on your mark to jump in the minute the door opened the door would close and the elevator would leave without you. I saw the doors close on a couple of people who were not quick enough. You have to slide your key card in order to select a floor well only the buttons and key card on the right side would work. There was no sign or anything to advise you of this but after the elevator passed your floor enough times and everyone else got off except the people who used the left side we all figured it out on our own. At times the people at the pool shack made you wait in line while they helped people who wanted to buy $200.00 sunglasses and expensive tanning lotions. When all I wanted was a towel. Lastly, there were alot of security guards walking aroung the floors, the pool area, hottub, etc. still could not figure out why all the security? It may me a little uncomfortable wondering should I be on guard, had something happened that I did not know about or was something about to happen? I did not want to dwell on any of the above because I did not want to ruin the fun for anyone. Also, saw big cock roaches crawling aroung in the Chefs Hut restaurant, and at the bar by the pool one fell on a customer who jumped up and started flaling her arms about in front of everyone trying to get the thing off of her. But, I would not stay here again. This was my 2nd trip in 20 months. The first time I stayed at the Outrigger ON the Beach....That was much nicer....One more thing, there were way too many rocks on the beach no wonder they call it the REEF...It is a miracle that we all escaped without spranged ankles walking on all of those rocks in the water. The beach in front of the OUTRIGGER WAIKKI ON THE BEACH does not have rocks and is much better.   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome 3 or 4 Star Hotel, great location and size, good price We booked this hotel thru AAA, first leg of our 2-island honeymoon. (see my Fairmont Maui review) We stayed from May 21 to May 26. Though we've not done too much inside the hotel, let me tell u why I gave a 5 Star. Was our first time in Hawaii so we did a lot of the tourist things, out most of the day. First of all, we booked a City View room, cuz I was betting on that they would give us an Upgrade knowing we are honeymooners(I read here that they upgrade sometimes). Sure enough, at check in, he said, oh you should never book a CityView room for your honeymoon, let me upgrade you to a partial ocean view. (we also got 2 boxes of chocolate from hotel) So we stayed on 9th floor, balcony faces pool, and partial ocean view. Room was fair size, enough for a king bed and a sofa. It is right on the beach, once you step out of the hotel from the back, you are on the sand. This is awesome cuz there are a lot of hotels in Waikiki not exactly on the beach. The hotel has a park next to it so it doesnt feel like its in between all the tall buildings. Also location was awesome. McDonalds right across the street(a small 2lane 1way) A Starbucks being built at the hotel on the lobby. A short block away from the main street, Kalakaua, where there's Cheesecake Factory, high end stores Coach, Tods, A/X, also International Market Place. There's plenty to shop/eat on Kalakaua. Just so convenient. We walked around there 3 nites. As others mentioned, this hotel has a nice/big airy lobby. A lot of other hotels have a small lobby(most of Ohana hotels). If you have to ship your souvenier back home, the Post Office is right around the corner. So I gave a 5 Star for the upgrade, the most awesome location and size, and generally good/clean room. I highly recommend it.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolineSydney
<Content>8/10 for the Outrigger Reef We stayed from 23 May to 29th. Great hotel. We had a partial ocean view on the 16th floor.Didn't think the walls were too bad tho u could here the water works in next rooms bathroom but never heard anything more personal that that!Rooms were a decent size, clean tho maybe a little tired looking. Restaurants  bars were all ok. GREAT value in the hotel stores. Better prices than outside sometimes!Downside. Reception do not take the time to explain how to work the elevators. There is a trick to it! ALtho generally speaking reception  staff were all good, EVELYN needs a little work. She wasnt welcoming at all when we checked in. Made us feel like we were putting her out. Our request for somewhere to freshen up on our arrvival ( We had to wait 3.5 hours for our room since check in isn't till 3 pm) was met with a look of pure inconvenience from her.Despite her, I wouldnt hesistate to stay there again. Great place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room  For booking 3 months in advance we got a very small room...was dissapointed as my mother worked this hotel back in the 50's and my fathers picture hangs in the lobby (original beach boys) I came back to show a friend that's never been there before, but everything else was great except the sales pitch about Time Share..we're there for relaxation, not listen to sales....all in all the hotel and beach was great and it brought back memories of my uncles canoe and playing music on the beach at night! would stay again, but have a bigger room.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the place! Great deal... We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on my 21st birthday on April 19th-22nd. They gave us a free upgrade which overlooked the pool. They also gave us conjoing rooms for us and our friends. We loved this location. Close to all the stores (and bars!) and restaurants. Nice pool with a couple of restaurants right by the pool. Convient stores right inside the lobby great for getting water, snacks, towels etc. The beach is nice right out front b/c it's not too crowded. We ate at the restaurant on the beach and listened to great live hawaiian music... it was a wonderful hotel for a great price. We will definetly go again! ( P.S. Don't be scared by others negative reviews it is a nice hotel and worth it)   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved our 1 month stay in our beautiful spacious suite in this lovely hotel. We had a lovely suite in this great hotel for one month. The hotel was always clean and fresh while allowing the ocean breeze to flow throughout.The open air restaurant, lobby and pool were a great places to relax. The entire staff was courteous and housekeeping was always efficient. We would definately stay at this hotel again if we were to visit Oahu again. We never felt so comfortable away from home.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, poor room We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on our honeymoon 16th - 22nd April 2004. We had booked through a package, so did not have a choice of rooms, and when checking in we were told the hotel was full and no upgrades were available. The room was small and cramped, with a view of apartments right opposite our balcony which meant we had to close the curtains for privacy, making the room dark. Could do with some modernisation, especially the bathroom. The hotel itself was very nice - an open lobby and nice pool area. We ate at the Ocean House restaurant, which was fantastic - great food, a table next to the beach, and a view of the sunset. The hotel is centrally located, and is right on the beach. From what we saw of the rooms with Ocean and pool views, they seemed to be more spacious and brighter. I would recommend this hotel, but make sure you pay the extra for a better room.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here I would not recommend this hotel. Dirty, thin walls, very small rooms, run down, smelly. Also far from Waikiki. Only have valet parking. Stay at the Hawaii Prince.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some good, some bad The Outrigger Reef on the BEACH had more bad qualitys than good. The beach was clean; but you can not take the hotel lounge chairs to the beach; all rent for $15/day per person. The bar/restaurant on the beach would not allow cocktails taken to the beach because it is a public beach. No cabana boys to wait on you with food or even cokes. The people who worked the hotel beach shack were interested in selling sunglasses, lotions and any other item to get your money, more than making sure you were comfortable (same for the pool shack) The hotel lobby was very nice, but EVERY single trip through it you were contacted by the time share sales people for a tour. That got really annoying when you walked through the lobby 4-5 times per day. The sales staff at the day-trip desk couldn't help you if you had a question about anything other than their own sanctioned trips. The hotel people at the front desk/conserige were more helpful in that respect. The bathroom was so teeny tiny that only one person could fit into it at a time. No light in the shower; no outlet at the sink area. Our shower door wouldn't stay shut, and water dripped everywhere. Our room was quite adequate for the price, although very outdated and ugly. I understood from others staying at this hotel that the time share people had great rooms, ours sure was not. The swimming pool was freezing, positively freezing. The Shorebird food was very good, although the service was slow at the bar. It was a good location on the beach though. Good views of the sunsets and Diamond Head.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful - Highly Recommended! This hotel was a picture perfect place to stay for our first time in Hawaii. Our room (partial ocean view) was well worth the few extra bucks. The hotel gives lots of coupons and discounts for food  shopping. The staff really made our stay very pleasant, from housekeeping to valet to conciere...everyone was so helpful  friendly. Rooms were clean  fairly large, with a couch. I would definately stay here again.....Not to mention the location was very convienent in town. One warning - if you want a peaceful vacation, stay away from the Fairfield (timeshare) folks. They will entice you with goodies, but I enjoyed my vacation much more without sharing my precious time with them! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harleyfox
<Content>Outrigger was just fine We stayed at the Outrigger Reef On The Beach from March 20,04 thru March 26,04.We had read a lot of reviews that went either way on this motel.It was our first time in Hawaii and the motel was everything that we wanted.We had an oceanfront room and the view was perfect.We really enjoyed eating at the ShoreBird restraunt.The staff , from the bellman to the maid was very pleasant and made you feel welcome.If we are lucky enough to get to go again it will be at this motel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Reef My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and were very pleased. We loved the open-air feel to the lobby with its fountain and Chief's Hut, and the valet service was very good. The staff was very friendly and helpful and provided us with a free room upgrade and a gift for being newlyweds. The room was very clean and comfortable, just what we needed. We ate breakfast every morning at the open-air restaurant inside the hotel overlooking the beach, which was really affordable (the hotel gives 1/2 off coupons). The hotel is also a close walking distance to several really nice restaurants and it is also right on the beach. There were also some really convenient shops located inside the hotel (bathing suits, towels, Tylenol). In all, I would definitely recommend this hotel because it is a great value and a really nice place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is a winner! March 3 - 9, 2004 We were absolutely delighted with this hotel - our room was oceanfront (well worth the premium over oceanview) and, as we sat on our lanai, we faced the beach; looking to our left was Diamond Head and we were treated to a beautiful sunset every evening we were in. The room itself was very good; clean and nicely furnished, with a king size bed. Our deal included the Big Kahuna package as well as free breakfast buffet every day at the hotel's Shorebird Cafe. What a great place to start the day! right on the beach - you may need to be patient to find a window table, but worth waiting for. Before taking off for a week in Maui, we had our last dinner at the hotel's Ocean House Restaurant - great atmosphere, superb view (again, adjacent to the beach) and outstanding cuisine - I tasted my first Opakapaka - beautifully done and scrumptious. We highly recommend this property (can you tell?) - contact us at our e-mail address if you would like more information.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely, relaxing stay This hotel has a gorgeous open air lobby and everyone we spoke to was more than helpful and definitely exhibited the aloha spirit. We were upgraded to an ocean view room and they also pre-arranged adjoining rooms for us and our travel companions. The rooms were very nice, the beds comfortable and the view was great. The beach is rather small and hard to walk on but a short walk takes you to larger public beaches. All the shops and restaurants are open air too. Traditional Hawaiian entertainment is provided each evening..a nice relaxing end to your day. We did not rent a car on this island because public transportation is very convenient, but for people who rent a car, be advised that the charge for valet parking is quite high.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - I'd stay again! We loved this place. We booked a partial ocean view and got upgraded to a full ocean view. We watched the sunset from our balcony and slept with the patio door open overnight. It was soothing to hear the waves all night long.We ate breakfast and dinner at the Shore Bird restaurant. Dinner was a special treat - getting to grill our own menu selections and having the full salad bar choices to accompany our meal. The breakfast buffet had great choices - with lots of tasty fresh fruit.I'd stay again in a second. I'm ready to return right now.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Enjoyable Visited 3 nights 3/04. We had a 9th floor Ocean Front Room and it was beautiful. The room was quite large, very clean and the king size bed very comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The restaurants on site were very pricy, so we elected to try the neighborhood restaurants. Since it's on Waikiki Beach there is plenty to choose from! We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the beach! Since we only had 5 days to stay in Hawaii during fall 2003, we decided for Oahu and Waikiki. Spoiled from other sea holidays an ocean view room was a must. Concerning the huge price difference between city and ocean view the Outrigger Reef on the Beach was good value for the money. Even though we had booked a partial ocean view, we got an upgrade to an ocean view room for free. The room was rather spacious and the balcony also big enough to have chairs and a table outside. The shower was definitly too dark. The inside of the rooms could use some new paint. A downside was the beach in front of the hotel. Too many (dead)corals, which made swimming rather dangerous.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sharistar7
<Content>Surprise... ...this is NOT a 4 star hotel as it is rated in numerous locations. End of story.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Breed26
<Content>Loved the island- The Outrigger Reef was a very nice hotel. I did not however like the enforced valet parking. I was lead to believe we had to valet, but we could have parked on the upper level on our own, and still paid the $13 per day. From what I understand, it could have been worse, some hotels charged as much as $18 per day for parking. There are so many hotels, restaurants and shopping in this small area of Wikiki, that there is no parking space, so you pay dearly for having a car. Every place we went there were also tour busses that would do the same routes, but we did it at our leisure, and stayed at each site as long as we wanted. The next trip will be to another quieter less populated island. But the Island was absolutely breathtaking, expensive but breathtaking.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheLizx
<Content>Great Hotel that met our expectations. We had stayed at this hotel before in 2000 so we already knew the hotel itself was beautiful and the location was perfect.. Last time we stayed here we got one of those budget rooms that you cant even turn around in so this time we made sure to get the partial ocean view room that was bigger. The room was plenty big with a king sized bed and a hide-a-bed as well as a vanity and table and chairs. The furnishings were fairly new as well as the carpet and the room was clean. The bathroom was on the small side and the shower was dark (think 1/2 bath with a shower attached) which was the downfall of this room but we were still thrilled. The balcony was plenty big. We couldnt have been more happy with the room. The hotel is awesome. The restaurants are wonderful. No complaints here :)  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the budget I stayed at the reef with my girlfriend in September 2004. We had a bad experience with the person at the reception. When we asked for an free upgrade to a better view room, i've been told that the price was 35$ per day more. What an FREE upgrade!!!! I work for a rental car company and always kind with customer who kindly ask for upgrade! When we finally got our room key we had another unespected surprise! The room was very bad smelling in a very bad position. Immediatly went back to the reception and told the probelm to the same person that gave the key! The answer was: that's the room you paid for!! I replied:I paid for a NON smelling room!! Let me talk to a somebody else. A supervisor understood the problem and gave me the opportunity to switch to a different room. I was happy this time, the hotel is a little bit old and need some remodeling. Beside that, the position is great and the view of the ocean, from the top balcony, is gourgeos!! They also organize nice excursions and snorkeling tours. I really enjoyed the bar on the beach at night. They make very good cocktails!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value Stayed a week at the Reef in Feb 04. Very enjoyable! Got an upgrade without asking, rooms were fine including the bathroom. Staff was very friendly except for the Activities desk. Too busy on personal call to answer questions. Restaurants were very good. The only exception was Duke's at the other Outrigger. Long wait, very poor service, cold food, high prices. Several other tables walked out while we were there. Avoid this one! Trattoria's across the street was excellent with great service. Use the valet parking, it's a bargain. Would stay at the Reef again without question.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place! Great place to stay for the price you pay. It is right ON the beach, and we were upgraded to a pool view room (instead of the standard room) for free upon arrival. Time share people are annoying but we went through the presentation (only slightly painful) and got a $100 in Sand Dollars to go eat at local restaurants. It's not a luxury hotel, but it is nice compared to the other hotels NOT located on the Beach that we saw (from the outside.)  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!! We stayed here 2/12/04-2/17/04. The hotel is great in that it is right on the beach. You will be on the sand in less than five minutes no matter where you are in the hotel. The hotel room itself is small. The bathroom is small but there is a balcony. I guess it depends on what you pay for. I'm sure that there are much better rooms than the one we got. Overall, the location can't be beat so it doesn't really matter how small the room was.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Handicap access We stayed at Outrigger Reef for 7 days in mid-May 2003 and would go back in a heart beat. I am blind/visually impaired and my sighted companion is wheelchair confined. We booked a handicapped access room and though a little small, the roll-in shower with bench was most comfortable and the room clean and airy with a balcony overlooking the pool and a partial ocen view.Breakfast each day was a delight pool side, with attentive courteous service. Ate dinner several nights in the hotel dining rooms and were very pleased.. Found an Italian restaurant across the street and dined there 2 nights as a change of pace. Tour amenities in the lobby were helpful, and the bell desk helped arrange transportation to Pearl Harbor and my Korean War vessel the Mighty USS Missouri. All in all a most enjoyable trip and the Outrigger Reef staff contributed greatly.Aloha!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paper Thin Walls We stayed at the Outrigger on the Beach from January 7 though the 17th. The walls are paper thin. We could hear our neighbors talking and watching t.v. We switched rooms. And while they did switch us to an ocean front, it was just as loud. The patrons were not loud, just speaking in a normal voice, and we could hear entire conversations from within our room.The pool area is very small, but the major problem with it is that they reserve chairs for people who are staying for two weeks or more. So all of the good chairs are taken first thing.We will not be staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrific! Everything about this hotel was terrific. The hospitality and service was outstanding. Everyone was so very helpful and so nice. The room was very nice and comfortable. Beautiful view. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReviewAdvisor
<Content>Hotel okay, rooms are disappointing We stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach from 17th - 26th September 2003. Our room was very very small and directly facing a large apartment building about 20ft away, which completely blocked out any view or sunlight. The bathroom was tiny, just big enough for one person at a time. We complained to reception about the view from the room and were advised that this was a standard room and it would cost between $30-$40 per night to upgrade to a partial ocean view room. Having paid a lot of money for this hotel with our travel agent in the UK we refused to pay the upgrade. The pool area was very busy every day, with not enough area around the pool for the amount of people and sunbeds. On the plus side the hotel has direct beach access and we spent our days on the lovely beach, although its very busy just outside the hotel so walk down towards the park for more beach space. The Shorebird is a nice restaurant but having to cook your own meat on an open grill means you get very hot and your clothes smell of barbeque! Eat at The Duke restaurant at the Outrigger Waikiki for much better food and service. I would only recommend this hotel if you pre-book a pool or ocean view room, we noticed these rooms were twice the size of ours.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was ok Stayed at the Reef from January 7 - 11th. We had two rooms (adjoining) oceanfront with balcony. Rooms are average in decor - slightly on the smaller side. Beds are one of the most UNcomfortable I have ever slept on anywhere. Difficult to stay here with a toddler as the bathrooms in our tower only have stall showers that run at very hot and extremely hot. If we had known there were no tubs, we probably would have stayed elsewhere. Beach was small but nice, pool was ice cold - in the shade until about 1pm. Food was decent. Morning buffet was decent, but the food never varied - always the same thing. Look for the $2 off coupons! Decent shops in the lobby. We were never bothered by the time share folks. For the price you pay during high season, I would not recommend this hotel - if for the simple fact that the beds are uncomfortable.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Disappointed We stayed at the Outrigger Reef 1/1-1/5/04. I have a feeling that, had we stayed at a different time of year, our experience would have been different.However, the lobby was so busy, it was like a constant circus there, with people pitching you for timeshares and selling leis - and it was usually considerable wait to get your car from the valet. The staff seemed over worked and not too eager to please, just eager to get through the line that was inevitably at the front desk.It was so crowded taking the elevator down sometimes proved to be a problem if you were on the middle floors - the elevators were always full.We got what had to be the worst room in the hotel. It was down a little hall behind the ice machine and the utility elevator and was so tiny we could barely fit our luggage in it without tripping over it. (We stayed for a total of two weeks in Hawaii - also on Maui and Kauai). There was no counter in our bathroom - seriously, the vanity was like an airplane bathroom. We don't know why we got this room - as we peeked into the other standard rooms and they were a lot bigger. I asked to pay for an upgrade and it was completely booked - no rooms available. Given that it was torentially raining for two of the four days we were there - the room definitely was a big minus in our stay in Oahu. Again, I did not feel that the staff was very helpful with this issue.There was one smallish pool and on sunny days, it was pretty crowded. The beach was also pretty small and packed. If you plan to have a beach day, I would definitely plan to rent the $30 chair/umbrella, so you can stake out your spot (they will reserven your spot if you want to leave for more than an hour). They run out early - I got one of the last spots at 10 a.m. and the staff said you should get there by 9 to guarantee a spot. With the umbrellas and chairs, there was no room for people who just want to lay down a towel and sunbathe (for free).Its understandable because its a huge city and there are lots of tourists - and it is one of just a few hotels in Waikiki that are directly on the beach. They are probably all crowded. If you want uncrowded beaches you are better off in Maui or Kauai or even the North Shore of Oahu.We did walk on the beach one night and it was beautiful and deserted.The restaurant/bar they have looking over the ocean is a nice place to hang out. They have good food and drinks and good bands playing at night (on the weekends).Another positive was that it is centrally located. It was an easy walk to many great restaurants and shops. It is definitely a vibrant, fun city.We got the room at the Outrigger for a good price through Hotels.com. However, I feel that I wouldn't do that again because I suspect that is why we were stuck in the terrible room (we paid rock bottom prices). Overall the hotel is busy, which was not what I was looking for, but is attractive. Despite my experience, I think its a good value, especially if you just plan to use it as a base to explore Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Christmas Vacation My mother, two teenage daughters and I spent 6 days this hotel over Christmas. It was a much needed vacation. The hotel is very nice. The service was above average. Everyone was very polite and very helpful. Service was speedy and the food from the restraunts at the hotel was very good and comparable in price to those in the area. The location was nice except the beach is a little crowded and there is a rocky reef that you must get past to swim in the ocean. The chairs at the pool-side quickly fill up, so get there early, as do the chairs and umbrellas at the beach. Our room was fairly clean, except I did find a pair of mens swim shorts behind the couch and something growing mold under the fridge. We booked a couple of tours at the hotel and went on one that was not complete, but that was not the hotel's fault (our money was quickly refunded). Nice place to stay,I would come back here again if given the opportunity.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>decent stay we had a decent stay at this hotel back in november 2003. the hotel staff was friendly and the concierge was very helpful. the hotel rooms could use some redecorating and the shower stall in our room was very small and dark. but overall, we enjoyed our stay and would probably come back.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't get burned by shower Stayed 5 nights 12/03. Watch out in the shower the water temperature changes to burning hot without notice and without anyone adjusting it. Hotel has a nice restaurant with live entertainment, it's relaxing and enjoyable. Hotel is in Honolulu so it feels like you're a big city instead of on an island paradise. No parking except for valet parking (price is added to stay). Beach is in back of hotel. Buy a good street map map so you don't get lost alot(streets can be confusing). Nice pool.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel......we'll be staying at the same hotel Outrigger Reef on the Beach, is a great place to stay when your in Waikiki. Service is excellent, the hotel restaurants and shops are great. When I return to Waikiki, I'll be staying at the same hotel, cause I know I'll receive the same great service as before.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect holiday I just spent 11 wonderful days at the Outrigger Reef on the beach for my 41st birthday, it was my first trip back after 7 years and I couldnt have been more pleased with my stay. The hotel is the closest thing to paradise I have ever seen. My room was exceptional and everything I needed was there for me. The hotel staff were all very helpful and this is truly a top class hotel for a perfect holiday. I had concerns travelling on my own and not knowing what the hotel was like but everything was perfect for me and I couldnt have been more pleased. It is a very restful, safe and truly top class hotel and I encourage all to stay there. The facilities and the restaurants and shops are just great. I will be returning for sure with my family.!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hote, great price, great people. My daughter and I spent a week during October of this year at the Outrigger Reef, I can't imagine ever staying anywhere else. This was our second trip to Waikiki, our first at the Outrigger. The rooms are very clean, pretty and comfortable. We had upgraded to a partial ocean view, (courtesy of the hotel) and could not have been happier. Every staff member we had contact with acted like they had known us forever. We had a lot of lunches in the bar, prices were like being in Iowa, it was like a neighborhood bar. Food great. We are returning early in 2004 and would not stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We so much enjoyed the Outrigger Reef on the Beach Thank you for our wonderful stay at the Outrigger Reef on Sept. 11, 2003 to Sept. 14, 2003. We were on our honeymoon and were totally pampered and taken care of by the awesome staff of this lovely hotel. We enjoyed the restaurants and the shopping at very reasonable rates and we really enjoyed the beach and being able to rent water tubes and sunbathe on the beach. The rooms were beautiful, clean and quiet. And the Chef's Hut was a great place to eat. Everyone who waited on us was so friendly and nice. We enjoyed our stay very much.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shorebird Restaurant - Best Buffet Breakfast! Aloha!I visited Honolulu (Oahu, Hawaii) September 20-24, 2003. The Beach was absolutely beautiful (Waikiki). The weather was perfect (if there is such a thing). No trade winds (only 1 brief shower 1 night).I stayed at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach which on a scale of 1-5 - I would give it a 4.5 - People very nice, friendly - clean lobby area, etc. However, the Oceanfront Room (Over Priced!!!) It was not as nice as I expected 2.5 on 5 point scale. It had a shower stall - no tub. It was not clean (Bathroom, I cleaned it myself). This is the only complaint I would have with this hotel.Now, Shorebird Restaurant - Breakfast Buffet, Excellent! Variety of foods and only $7.99 with coupon. Open Ocean View (no windows!) Dinner was Average. I would suggest going during Early Bird - 4 - 6 p.m. Prices are just a little less for the same food!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad Stayed at the Outrigger Reef. Had a partial oceanview room which also turned out to be a smoking room. Complained to Reception who were very helpful and sent somebody up from housekeeping with an ioniser and some air freshner within minutes. This solved the problem. Hotel not in a bad location. Room could do with being redecorated. Found shower very enclosed and dark. Showered mostly with the door open. Would have liked a kettle as only coffee making facilities available. Would probably not stay here again. The Hawaiian Hilton was far better if you can afford it!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tillson
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at this hotel for 5 days from 9th September till 14th September 2003, we would struggle to find fault with much. When we arrived we were told the swimming pool was out of action but we could use other hotels pools,we were upgraded to full ocean view without us asking. The staff were very helpful, the room was clean and nicely presented.The shorebird bar and restaurant got very busy in the evenings, the one downside was the cost of hiring umbrella and 2 sun lounges on the beach each day which was $30 every day which soon mounted up,but you did need them. Would we stay there again, you bet, we will definitely go back there.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Stay We visited Oahu from July 28 - July 31 this year (2003). We were only there 3 days and with the exceptions of my accident the first day, we had a great time. Outrigger Reef was a nice hotel and has a great staff. We did not request a special room, because we knew we would be out of the room most of the time. The hotel was spacious and plenty of shops to purchase gifts. The Shorebird Restaurant was great. If you choose to do so, you could cook your own steak. Great service and a beautiful view of the ocean at the restaurant. I would rate this hotel as average and above, without spending too much money. If you want to spend more money, I'm sure there were other places to stay! We just wanted a clean hotel and a clean room and we received that. We were only here 3 days and we went to Maui after that.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will try a different hotel next time My fiance' and I just got back from Hawaii a few days ago. The Outrigger Waikiki is very misleading on the room sizes on their web page. You would assume the rooms are a nice size, but they aren't. We requested a partial ocean view room, and the hotel clerk was happy to let us know that we were given an upgrade, free of charge. What we ended up with was a room with a view of the city, which we didn't want because of the noise. Also, our hotel room was right next to the elevator. In fact, when we got off of the elevator, I thought it was a door to a broom closet. It also had a shower stall in the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen, and we requested a room with a tub when we made reservations.When we went back down to the lobby, the same hotel clerk informed us that the hotel had no bath tubs at all, even though we were told they did. We even were willing to pay for a room with a jacuzzi; those were not available. We ended up taking a downgrade; a smaller room with a partial view of the beach, which is what we requested in the first place. The room was so small, there was no room for he and I to move around. I have never seen a bathroom so small in my life. The Outrigger Reef has a special promotion that gives you a free catamaran sail if you stay five nights or longer, which we did. Before our trip, I contacted the hotel to inquire about this, as we should have been eligible. The staff at that time assured me that it would be no problem at all, we would get our free sail info at check in. But when we got there, we were told we couldn't get that either. To save expenses on the trip, we purchased a phone card to make long distance calls-I discovered 3 days into our trip that, even with a phone card, there is a 97 cent charge whenever you pick up the phone to dial a number, phone card or not. The rooms all have balconies, which is wonderful; none of the balconies has an available screen, so you could never keep the patio doors open, because insects could get in. Another tip: If you want your hotel room cleaned early, leave a tip and a small note for housekeeping. Our first day there, our room wasn't cleaned until after 3p.m., but after we left a tip, (which we didn't mind doing) we quickly moved up the food chain, and our room was the 1st one done each day. The timeshare people were a total nightmare. The are like the perfume sprayers at the malls, but 10 times worse. They nearly tackle you as they fast talk you to get your credit card number to sign you up for a pressure breakfast to get you to buy into a time share. No matter how many times you tell them you're not interested, it never ends. We were approached by them at least 30 times in the 6 days we were there. It can be extremely overwhelming. Please shop around for souvenirs; the hotel store is very overpriced. It is on the beach, but be prepared to pay for additional items like umbrella and chair rentals.The hotel is beautiful and spacious, and it was our 1st trip to Hawaii, but we've already decided that when we go back next year, it will be to a different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty and crowded Terrible customer service and room was not clean. Hotel is way too crowded, since it's next the public beach. Need to wait a long time for the elevator as well.Our limited-view turned our to be a no-view room, and the free upgraded as other reviewers mentioned would be a city-view with two doubles. How would this work for our honeymoon trip? The staff was very rule (seems like a high school/college kid). We had to spend extra $60/night for a partial ocean-view, which is also partially block by the building next door. The clearest view is the city, which was extremely noisy in the morning with all kind of buses  trucks going by. From the balcony, we could see the entire room of our neighbor, so we ended up closing the curtain most of the time anyway.This was such as terrible experience. Will never come back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tigereyes69
<Content>Good Hotel at a good price This hotel is not one of the fanciest hotels in Waikiki but it does the job. There are 3 bars and 3 restaurants on site. The Shore Bird restaurant offers a terrific ocean view, open air dining with excellent food for the price. The evening entertainment and service were awsome. There are 6 shops that sell everything from souveniers to toiletries. The hotel is located toward the end of the Waikiki strip but it offers one of the largest of the private beaches that I saw. It is right next to a large public beach that offers plenty more room. I was pleasantly surprised by our room. We were supposed to get the city view, but ended up with a view of the pool and ocean. Very nice! Rooms were clean. 2 beds, a sofa sleeper, 1 table, 2 chairs, refrigerator, safe, nice sized bathroom with shower only. Lots of closet space. One full size in the main room and another in the bathroom. If you are looking for a decent hotel room without the frills, this is your place.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Imaginaryfriend3
<Content>Xtra tips inside, Good  I stayed at the Reef back in May 2003 and thought it was a great hotel to stay at. It's not located at the prime Waikiki spot but you can take the Bus or walk down to other beach spots. It's location is great if you plan to go nightclubbing where the locals go, see nightlife section below for highlights. I took the Bus to the nightclubs and then took a Taxi home (the bus system stops running at 11 or 12) having them drop me off at the nearby bus stop (50 yards from hotel entrance) since the hotel is on a 1-way street and it would cost you $5 more for a direct hotel drop-off. Get your Bus 4 consecutive day pass for $15 at any ABC store, also get the Map guide from them for around $3-$5 bucks. Forget those bus tours, use Hawaii's bus system (thebus.org) and see the sites on your own schedule.Food! ---------------------------------- Pick up those coupon bookets like This week Oahu and save lots of money on meals. Also do the early bird specials that alot of restaurants offer. One few of my favorite places to eat were Davey Jones Ribs (early bird special of either the ribs or the galic chicken legs) and the Lanai loft (get the local plate of Mahi Mahi, use coupon in booklets to get free drink).Nightlife spots that don't suck! ----------------------------------------------------- 1. Ocean Club ... located in Restaurant row - Tuesdays and Thursdays, Saturday, 21and older, good food (pupus) get there before 8pm for 1/2 price pupus. Tuesday night gets a happy hour crowd, Thursday's are packed. Weekends are also good. 2. Compadres at the Ward Center - Wednesday nights 3. Pipeline Cafe ... located on a side street near the Ward Shopping center - Friday  Saturday, 18 and over crowd. Didn't see a weekday crowd but probably more of a weekend spot. 4. Rumors ... located in the Ala Moana Shopping center - Friday  Saturday, older crowd  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel - a good time Stayed here in the first week of August as part of our honeymoon. After reading so many reviews talking of upgrades we were hoping that we'd be helped out what with it being our honeymoon. The receptionist showed no emotion or congratulations and just offered us an upgrade if we payed $210 (partial ocean view) or $350 (ocean view) for our 7 night stay......... thanks very much. We decided to go for an ocean view to be told that it was a smoking room. We therefore dumped this idea and settled for paying an extra $210 to have a partial ocean view. Our room was high up in the hotel which meant we had a nice view of the pool and could see the ocean - can't complain there. In the room we had a king size bed, a sofabed and a table and chairs. Also had a refigerator and a microwave, and in the bathroom (decent size) there was a shower only.As it was our honeymoon we got a note through the door saying that we could get two glasses of champagne in the bar, and we were left a present which was a small wooden bowl with two cookies and some nuts (weird). Mind you, as we'd paid them an extra $210 to upgrade our room it was the very very least we could expect.The hotel itself is very nice and we found it to be clean and the staff fairly courteous. The decor wasn't the freshest but I suppose you can't renovate every single year. Our favourite restaurant was the Shorebird which looked right out onto the beach and ocean. Nice bar to sit at with a lovely view, and nice food. In the evening you choose your meat and cook it yourself on the grill - something to make it more enjoyable but it was very very hot at the grillside!As for the beach, it was lovely and you can reserve two beds and an umbrella for $30 a day. The sea is shallow for a long way, but there are some rocks which can hurt so tread carefully.The pool is nice but can sometimes get crowded with children. There are plenty of beds around the pool but if you're a sun worshipper get one at the far side of the pool (by the whirlpool) as this is where the sun shines for most of the day - most of the morning and all afternoon.Waikiki itself is a bustling resort and never seems to sleep. However at night some of the side roads leading to the hotel are very dark and can seem a bit scary to non-locals.Overall a very nice hotel, not far off being fairly close to perfection. A few more touches would make it perfect. Would we stay there again? Possibly, but I might be tempted to go for one of the more upmarket ones next time.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Stayed in this hotel 7/20 to 7/26 2003. Excellent location right on the beach, and within walking distance of Waikiki shops and attractions. Booked and got a partial OV room which was very comfortable with two doubles and a sleeper sofa. Bathroom was small, but more than adequate. Staff was wonderful from checkin to checkout. Timeshare people leave you alone unless you show interest. We were never approached. Breakfast buffet wasn't all it was advertised as, but nice to eat right next to the beach. Lots of birds thanks to generous diners sharing their tidbits. All in all would definitely book this hotel again as we had a very comfortable stay!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Property My wife and I stayed 7 nights at Outrigger Reef, Room 518, July 11-18, 2003. We booked the rooms through Northwest (Airlines) Vacations and MLT Vacations as part of as air/lodging/car rental package. We paid for a non-smoking, partial-ocean room and upon check-in, with a brief suggestion by my wife, were upgraded to an ocean-view room. This was our first trip to Hawaii that also included 3 days on the big Island at Outrigger Kanaloa at Kona.From the lanai (two chairs and a tiny table), we watched surfers every morning as well as the sun rising over Diamond Head. The room, except for the bathroom, was spatious. There was a king bed (firm), a sofa/hide-a-bed, and a small table with two chairs. The room also had a television, refridgerator, coffee maker, iron and ironing board, six feet or more of closet space (with hangers) and a safe. Coffee packets were replaced daily, and the safe cost $3 per day when we used it.The small but adequate bathroom had a tub/shower combo (excellent shower, slow but adequate drainage in the tub) and one sink with a bit of counter space. Opposite the sink there was another small counter and a mirror. The odd placement of the toilet made it rather cumbersome to open and close the bathroom door. The room, including its fixtures, accessories, and so on, were in good repair. Daily maid service met our expectations.We came to Hawaii for a meeting my wife attended and traveled with another couple. That couple had reserved an Outrigger Reef Run of the House room that turned out to be much smaller than ours, including a shower only, no space for couch/hide-a-bed, and a view of an exterior wall of the hotel. Craning their necks around the corner of their lanai, they could catch a glimpse of the pool. They sought an upgrade but were offered only a room that was adjacent to the elevator, which they declined.Outrigger Reef has beach access directly behind the hotel. In fact, we virtually stepped from the hotel onto the beach. The beach runs the width of the hotel property (and beyond the property, of course). During most of the day (before 10 am through mid to late afternoon), the narrow beach is filled with guests using umbrellas and chairs provided by the hotel (at a cost, I assume). The ocean water is shallow for a long way out, but there are enough rocks on the beach floor here to make it uncomfortable or at least a nusiance for some.The good-sized pool within the hotel was always in use. There is an adjacent whirlpool, as well as another pair of whirlpools several feet and a few stair steps away from the pool. The hotel provides beach and pool towels, at no cost, simply by asking and signing for them at a desk near the pool.There is a restaurant adjacent to the swimming pool (we ate there once, it was fine) and two restaurants adjacent to the beach. We ate the buffet breakfast at the less-formal beach-side restaurant. There was quite a variety of items, including lots of fresh fruit. The service was fine.We had a rental car and parked it in the hotel's valet parking. All the attendents were friendly and efficient and came to recognize us after a couple days. Parking costs $11 per day.There are lots of retail shops within the Outrigger Reef property. We used The Pantry for breakfast items (milk, juice, cereal) as well as for snacks and beach mats. The ABC store, just up the block on Beachwalk Road, provides lots of those types of items as well. There is a timeshare desk within the property (where isn't there a timeshare desk in Hawaii?) that offers a very handy and useful O'ahu/Waikiki map. Listen to their initial 3-minute intro and the laminated tri-fold map is yours!Outrigger Reef is close to lots of shopping, restaurants, and Waikiki attractions. Honolulu and, specifically, the Waikiki area, are densely populated with people and cars. The sooner you get comfortable with that, the better stay you'll have. Allow lots of time to get places and walk whenever you can.We very much enjoyed our first stay in Hawaii at the Outrigger Reef and would happily return there. All the staff were friendly and relaxed. They made us feel appreciated as hotel guests.When we go to Hawaii the next time, we'll likely again pay for the comfort and view of an upgraded room. Much of that decision, however, depends on one's budget, one's plans, and one's expectations. Will you want to spend significant daylight hours in your room, or is it only for sleeping? What do you want to see from your lanai every morning or each night? Invest time well before you book your trip to adress these and similar questions, especially if it's your first trip. We learned a lot and will be better prepared and have more realistic expectations when we go again, and we will go again!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid 3 Star Hotel A solid 3 Star Hotel. Great location right on Waikiki Beach, with a large pool and great eating selections for a wide range of prices. Tip #1: Great rates available on Expedia (Under $120/night) Tip #2: Also, has a great pool bar with cheap Mai Tai's Tip #3: Pick up a coupon book in the lobby and you can save a few bucks on the awesome breakfast buffet at the Shorebird (an awesome price and incedible view)Rooms were clean, but nothing to write home about  we also ran into sand bugs on the tables, etc.. may have just been our room.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Great, Room Terrible Went for a 3 island honeymoon in Oct. 2000 that began in Oahu. After the 12 hour plane ride, we were looking for some rest and relaxation. Of course, driving into Waikiki sets you off right off the bat. Our partial ocean view room was hardly what we were expecting. Unless the building 20 feet from our window was the ocean, this definition meant that if we stuck our video camera out the window the 4 inches that it opened and turned it to the left, we could get video of the ocean and then replay it for our viewing pleasure. The room was cramped and malodorous and the shower door didn't open all the way without hitting the toilet.. nice walk-in closet though.. weird use of space. Then we went to the pool for a dip in the hot tub after our long trip and after about 15 min, we got kicked out, told the pool closed at 10 pm. I don't know, I've stayed at a lot of hotels and one of the best perks of an outdoor pool is coming back after a long day of sight seeing and taking a late night dip in the pool. Other than that, the hotel itself was very, very nice. Beautiful breakfast location at the Shore Bird and great fresh fruit. And the hotel is right on the beach at Waikiki, so if you are never planning to be in your room, this is the place. We are going back in August and we were going to stay there again, but this time with an Ocean Front room, because we did like the hotel itself, but then we realized that the cost is so outrageous, there are many other better hotels to choose from in that price range.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My family and I recently spent 8 nights at the Outrigger Reef in June 2003. We were told we would have a city view room, but as it turned out, our room overlooked the pool which was very nice. We also had a sleeper sofa in addition to two double beds. The hotel was very clean, the people were friendly, and the location was great. Because we had several hours left after check-out, the hotel supplied us with a courtesy room to prepare for our long flight home. The activities desk made planning tours and renting a car very uncomplicated. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Oahu. Mahola to all the staff at the Outrigger Reef on the Beach.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Great hotel if you can avoid being brothered by Fairfield timeshare people.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, but starting to slip We just came back from 12 days at the Outrigger Reef. This is our 4th straight year at the Reef and we saw a decline the past 2 years. The problem the past couple of years was some of the staff. This trip, a couple of the front desk boys were condescending and kind of rude. We always book an ocean front room which is the highest priced. I did not like the view this year and when I asked the front desk to move us they gave me the run-around. After 10 minutes on the phone they finally gave me a room with a little better view. The bathrooms need to be torn out and rebuilt. There is no room there and the drains in the shower fills up to your ankles while showering. Although we love the Reef, I think it will be awhile before we go back. Oh, the manager never seems to be around when you ask for him.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Loved The Outrigger Reef We stayed at the Outrigger in 2001 for our 20th anniversary and were so very happy. We requested a partial ocean view and got more. Our room was on the corner with 2 balconies and a big king size bed. It was so nice to wake up in the morning and see the ocean. We were so comfortable with the staff and no matter what we asked of them they had an answer and had it with a smile. We are coming back this June and we are once again staying at the Outrigger Reef. Thank you for making our stay so nice.  
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tahoedee
<Content>UPDATE of previous review Just wanted to update previous review. Not only did Outrigger promise to refund a part of my stay, they actually did it and they did it fast! Excellent customer service! This is the ONLY hotel I've ever had even contact me when I've had a problem. Just be sure to ask for the upgraded rooms until they finish the remodel! Good work, Outrigger! I will stay with you again!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2ND TIME AROUND!!!!! We stayed at the Outrigger Reef On the Beach two years ago. We loved our stay there. We make a trip to Hawaii every two years. First time we ever stayed at the Outrigger on The Beach, we we very pleased, in fact we have just purchased rooms (3)for seven nights again. This time there will be 3 couples and we are taking our Pastor and His wife. It will be thier first trip to Hawaii and I wanted them to enjoy it so I knew I couldn't go wrong with the Outrigger Reef on the Beach. I don't think I could have chosen a better hotel without going bankrupt...lol. Seriously, they have reasonable rates.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GTRONN
<Content>Great Beach Hotel Just returned from Hawaii, and can't say enough about our stay at the Outrigger Reef in Waikiki.. Our second time at this Hotel and it seems to me it just gets better... Outstanding service and veryclean and well kept property..Every Employee we came in contact with, were just the most helpful and friendly people...I had made reservations for a partial oceanview room and was upgraded without asking to a full oceanview...from our bed we had a full view of Diamondhead...the Shorebird is a must for Dinner at least once while at the Reef, Shorebird also has great entertainment @ night. also the beach at the Reef is very nice, with great views and numerous beach services. We took a sunset cruise on the Outrigger Catamaran andreally enjoyed the evening. If you get a chance to visit China Town a great restaurant is the Indigo, its a euro/asian menu and for some might be a little pricey...but had one of the best meals of my Life at this Restaurant..and my final comment, when going to HAWAII, I have found it is worth every extra minute you can spend in shopping for the best deals on Hotels, airtravel, car rentals etc.....we saved from 50% to as much as 75% on our bookings.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent beachfront value in crowded Waikiki Even without its jaw-dropping views of Diamond Head and the ocean, my decent-sized room, with a small but efficiently designed shower-only bathroom, would be a good value in this prime location right on the sand. Meticulously organized lobby shops carried everything I needed, and public areas were lively but not chaotic as in some big hotels. Pool is rather dark and not ideally located, though the nice beach is right next to Fort DeRussy park. Overall, the Reef is great for a lively vacation in an ideal spot, perhaps the best value on Waikiki beach.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very pleased   showReview(847477, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff   showReview(846195, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef Nirvana   showReview(834046, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great show in the Lounge   showReview(815015, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Reef on the Beach   showReview(756169, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel has gone downhill   showReview(720310, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Disappointing..4 Star Hotel...Not   showReview(646516, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Outrigger's going down!   showReview(596657, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Location   showReview(592773, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Highly Recommended   showReview(566526, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otonozo
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸鈼?#x201d;   showReview(23047713, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?> Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?</a> </div>
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜虹巼浣庛仐锛?#x201d;   showReview(21264050, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銉斻儍銉?> 銉斻儍銉?</a> </div>
<Content>銈炽兂銈汇儷銈搞儱銇曘亪銇勩仾銇戙倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(20604978, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>銇俱仯銇枫倠銈嬨伓
<Content>鏀硅銇椼仧銇︺仹蹇仼銇с仚       銉涖儐銉伄銉儞銉?/a>  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19172381, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儚銉偆   showReview(19165972, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅€氥亱銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164431, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷   showReview(19161713, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spriz
<Content>outrigger hotel   showReview(6321976, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉笺伀鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(19929713, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈汇儸銉嬨儐銈ｃ兗銈广儜銈掑埄...   showReview(19926975, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偊銉堛儶銈兗銉汇儶銉笺儠...   showReview(19920804, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅銆併儻銈ゃ偔...   showReview(19920643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉唴銇偦銉儖銉嗐偆...   showReview(19918528, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹琛屻亶銇俱仐銇熴亴...   showReview(19918485, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇豹鑿仺銇█銇堛伨...   showReview(19917013, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

